The code was written by Jens Hansen working for the Ravi Iyengar Lab
The copyright holder for this preprint is the author/funder. It is made available under a creative commons 4.0 International license (CC BY 4.0).
Please acknowledge the MBC Ontology in your publications by citing the following reference:<br/>
Jens Hansen, David Meretzky, Simeneh Woldesenbet, Gustavo Stolovitzky, Ravi Iyengar: 
A flexible ontology for inference of emergent whole cell function from relationships between subcellular processes
Sci Rep. 2017 Dec 18;7(1):17689. doi: 10.1038/s41598-017-16627-4.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________
MBCO windows application<br/>
The code for the windows application was written by Jens Hansen working for the Ravi Iyengar Lab. Source code has not been not uploaded yet.

___________________________________________________________________________________________________________
The Molecular Biology of the Cell Ontology (MBCO) datasets are made available under a creative CC Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 (CC BY-NC-ND 4.0) International license.

Please acknowledge the MBC Ontology in your publications by citing the following reference:<br/>
Jens Hansen, David Meretzky, Simeneh Woldesenbet, Gustavo Stolovitzky, Ravi Iyengar: A flexible ontology for inference of emergent whole cell function from relationships between subcellular processes Sci Rep. 2017 Dec 18;7(1):17689. doi: 10.1038/s41598-017-16627-4.

___________________________________________________________________________________________________________

License for additional MBCO datasets<br/>
The additional MBCO datasets "Metabolic_energy_generation_pathways_human.txt", "NaAndGluTMTransport_scpGeneAssociations.txt", "NaAndGluTMTransport_scpHierarchy.txt" and "Sphingolipid_metabolism.txt" were generated by Jens hansen working for the Ravi Iyengar Lab and the Kidney Precision Medicine Project (KPMP).
The copyright holder for these datasets is the author/funder.
They are made available under a creative CC Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 (CC BY-NC-ND 4.0) International liscence.

Please cite our KPMP manuscript when using these datasets:<br/>

A reference tissue atlas for the human kidney.<br/>
Jens Hansen,#, Rachel Sealfon,#, Rajasree Menon,#, Michael T. Eadon, Blue B. Lake, Becky Steck, Kavya Anjani, Samir Parikh, Tara K. Sigdel, Guanshi Zhang, Dusan Velickovic, Daria Barwinska, Theodore Alexandrov, Dejan Dobi, Priyanka Rashmi, Edgar A. Otto, Miguel Rivera, Michael P. Rose, Christopher R. Anderton, John P. Shapiro, Annapurna Pamreddy, Seth Winfree, Yuguang Xiong, Yongqun He, Ian H. de Boer, Jeffrey B. Hodgin, Laura Barisoni, Abhijit S. Naik, Kumar Sharma, Minnie M. Sarwal, Kun Zhang, Jonathan Himmelfarb, Brad Rovin, Tarek M. El-Achkar, Zoltan Laszik, John Cijiang He, Pierre C. Dagher, M. Todd Valerius,  Sanjay Jain, Lisa M. Satlin, Olga G. Troyanskaya*, Matthias Kretzler*, Ravi Iyengar*, Evren U. Azeloglu* for the Kidney Precision Medicine Project. bioRxiv. doi: https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.07.23.216507
#equal contribution, *joint senior authors

To generate the dataset "NaAndGluTMTransport_scpGeneAssociations.txt" we started by extracting sodium and glucose transport related genes from the MBCO datasets, Wikipedia articles, peer-reviewed articles and Gene Ontology Biological Processes and Molecular Functions. See the methods section of Hansen, Sealfon, Menon et al. for details. Gene Ontology datasets were made available under a the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 Unported License (http://geneontology.org/docs/go-citation-policy/#:~:text=Gene%20Ontology%20Consortium%20data%20and%20data%20products%20are,Creative%20Commons%20FAQ%20or%20contact%20the%20GO%20Helpdesk.), as on 2022 March 25..

Please visit one of the following websites to download the R and C# code that uses the additional MBCO datasets for the analysis of KPMP reference tissue data:<br/> 
KPMP containers deposited at Docker Hub<br/>
Windows Container for C# program: https://hub.docker.com/r/iyengarlab/kpmp-cs-apps
Linux Container for R and Python programs: https://hub.docker.com/r/iyengarlab/kpmp-rp-apps
README for Using KPMP Docker Containers: https://github.com/DToxS/KPMP-Contr-Apps
