Dataset name	Timepoint	Timeunit	Integration group	Dataset color	NCBI official gene symbol	Value_1st	Value_2nd	Significant	Rank	Cellline	Drug	Drug_fullName	Drug_class	Drug_abbreviation	Outlier
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	A2M	15.0831587716857	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	AAK1	-12.2638361846143	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ACAP3	15.6239190629485	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ACSM5	14.2968937788269	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ACTA2	22.2219251139566	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ACTC1	17.9756306853285	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ADAMTSL4	13.0607850485788	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ADCY4	11.8095706886682	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ADGRB1	11.7084632319609	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ADPRHL1	14.7347835313666	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ADRA2A	14.2767039132726	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	AES	15.5902672483477	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	AGRN	12.7406891994012	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	AGT	11.7716860144144	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	AIF1L	17.2730776297352	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ALDH2	17.9425131547263	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ALDOC	12.7011520169578	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ALOX15B	13.1084212414774	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ALOXE3	24.2477918295732	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	AMIGO3	55.4189931232966	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ANGPT4	11.9672263456645	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ANLN	15.5982248249373	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ANXA2R	58.8159375755959	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	AP5Z1	-12.394197780688	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	APLN	53.208908480857	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	APOE	13.8214586909064	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	AQP3	49.678323511856	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ARC	45.9626213261267	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ARF5	17.0730327829029	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ARL6IP1	14.9224451596717	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ASAH1	11.7710136029435	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ASF1B	59.9629380006446	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ATOH1	13.2319078769384	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ATP12A	58.4685497065648	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ATP6V0E2	12.0822632375807	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	AVPR1A	20.5449278831763	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	B2M	15.2412889464543	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	B3GNT5	14.283287412872	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	BAIAP2	52.9808279271968	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	BCAM	28.7842181639905	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	BEST2	12.1610226297905	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	BEX3	11.7576264425172	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	BHLHE22	20.026663439063	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	BIRC5	15.8246979055472	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	BMP4	13.6568808967879	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	C12ORF57	13.9842996017867	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	C2CD4A	30.000700973112	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	C2CD4B	12.0303794966	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	C2ORF80	13.2404188323818	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	C5AR2	11.7916363718195	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	C6ORF120	23.2526844507263	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	C6ORF222	20.6818348548241	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	C7	17.4431852521053	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	C9ORF16	21.148311092576	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CA2	53.2824239114046	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CA4	12.3334935448639	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CABLES1	31.4937573159157	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CACNA1I	15.8642043399332	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CALB2	58.370927645471	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CAPN11	12.9787332363136	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CASQ2	27.5198335662082	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CATSPERG	53.0633884334686	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CAVIN2	13.5105773795941	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CCDC71L	56.7812520444474	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	CCNG1	-12.6760891157456	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CD68	18.0443676998364	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CD70	12.5307161326414	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CDC20	12.6404369768034	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CDKN2A	11.4701377682553	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CDO1	12.7864254788335	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CEBPA	18.013182088757	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CEMIP	13.0009508563947	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CETN2	18.0853611230821	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CFAP74	15.7805511125487	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CHCHD2	17.5356462271454	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CHPF	11.5979550100353	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CHST2	14.6543983829711	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CILP	59.6785317417635	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CITED1	58.7293712161257	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CKB	21.4899008054521	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CKM	26.4270959901772	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CKS1B	11.4762545802696	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CLDN1	15.6243058396088	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CLIC5	13.4844253409591	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CNN1	25.1041052644754	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CNN2	12.5658597144157	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CNR1	26.5580908391874	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	COL18A1	15.8465234933113	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	COL1A2	13.4293162947345	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	COL5A1	11.7140745643577	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	COL5A2	17.4516513718299	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	COLGALT1	13.6030763441284	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	COPB1	-12.5225092826366	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CORIN	19.3005117574896	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CORO2A	59.8264517710624	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	COX6A2	15.4309691419232	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	COX6C	13.6410640880813	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	COX7A1	11.4745477516789	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CR2	23.4842248006452	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CRABP2	26.7987136193712	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CRELD1	16.2843232718381	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CRIP2	24.3979992280032	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CRISPLD1	14.4589083997408	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CRTAC1	50.8853411205518	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CSF3	12.7374442458111	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CSRP2	11.9113396117488	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CST3	20.3486579706631	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CTGF	12.1345861603877	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CTNNA3	12.4669157347955	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CTSC	16.4496948482339	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CTSF	16.6947773963458	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CXCL1	20.5407105557559	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CXCL14	14.2053775401451	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CXCL2	17.9127222841521	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CXCL3	56.8465287947174	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CXCR4	53.5023470533609	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CYB5A	11.8202072456597	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CYB5R3	14.4707472479591	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CYP26A1	37.9764586453635	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	CYP26B1	15.1847956327194	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DBI	14.4183736136159	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	DDIT3	-11.727966817477	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DDIT4	24.4971260548419	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DDIT4L	23.3300265742636	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DDOST	11.5141507932084	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DECR1	13.4406508512982	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	DENND4C	-12.1874710208886	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DEPP1	60.1840252783244	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DHDH	38.4190043756834	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DIO3	56.1144631316171	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DIRAS3	12.4050366212082	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DISP3	19.7475624342019	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DKK2	59.2941084581263	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DKK3	26.6013247195395	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DLX1	20.269942234193	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DLX2	32.2680384961708	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DNAH2	41.5996209425035	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	DNAJB1	-17.2604284572502	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DPEP2	54.6127995566043	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DSTN	11.7686471820923	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DUT	12.6034350132002	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	DYNLT1	12.7625590669255	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	E2F1	11.9574320806309	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ECHS1	11.6161232098599	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	EDN1	11.5795829435289	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	EFNB3	12.369212894583	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	EGR1	26.267619638715	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	EGR2	51.3327353078668	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	EGR3	55.1828390912815	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	EGR4	57.8125534018489	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ELN	12.5508667983426	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ELOB	11.7597756822913	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	EN2	31.4139672203155	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	EOMES	56.6714993884794	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	EPHA4	14.1336656156172	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ESX1	15.7046883785302	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ETFA	13.393553190854	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	EVX1	12.3710390666661	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FAAP20	13.3978356007412	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FABP3	12.3942870006143	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FAM163B	13.1429159623775	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FAM19A3	12.5380654145665	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FAM71A	13.1300546591125	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FAM83A	12.2091688641687	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FAM83D	24.7402483875018	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	FAM83G	-11.4054244378576	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FAM84A	11.4958444074389	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	FBXO2	-16.2741577748831	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FBXW5	12.3509090142742	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FGF12	20.1460793897174	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FGF19	32.1009929274835	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FHDC1	31.3840028004344	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FKBP1A	12.1949496515818	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FKBP8	11.4706546570121	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FKBP9	12.0817227108848	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	FNIP2	-13.693401746394	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FOS	49.0487567083656	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FOSB	52.0628815549315	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FOXC1	54.470350903453	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FOXD1	16.2084605023939	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FOXD3	17.3794547758197	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FOXF2	13.611086018069	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FOXG1	12.3134083757088	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FOXL2	13.3645432823096	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FOXO4	12.9583968700564	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FOXQ1	57.1477714124034	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FREM1	11.5085760501778	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FRG2C	33.9496528142692	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FSD2	13.5471635484063	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FST	20.1969826942814	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FTH1P18	12.5521108363823	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	FTL	-17.7032683709032	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FXYD1	14.9369473227589	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FXYD6	16.3614038851702	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FZD10	11.4494644162616	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	FZD7	15.5176541113001	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	G0S2	17.9610633956748	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GABRD	11.5051301415486	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GADD45B	47.0703083453027	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GADD45G	25.9413255307308	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GAS1	37.1950993357114	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GAS6	12.3098188345713	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GATA2	13.2872343056163	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GATA3	57.3630436360041	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GCGR	11.5228621484334	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	GCKR	-13.7552213355729	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GCM2	61.3049268632255	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GDNF	49.9770819072422	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GFI1	16.1713587222978	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GFPT2	51.2316348184135	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GH1	11.8138188462513	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GJB2	55.2519233368756	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GLP1R	12.6972187001947	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GNAS	11.3814064025541	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GNG4	25.9339853390073	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GPR83	15.3063797941909	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GRN	16.433786473823	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GSN	13.8508861912102	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GSTM2	12.2222790269255	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GSTM3	31.2601323804636	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GTF2B	16.7357070121291	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	GUK1	13.3285330381706	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HAS3	23.9015183590812	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HAUS8	21.3676273628593	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HEPH	19.491590398316	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HES1	30.5087714388788	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HES7	12.3537107387966	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HEXIM1	53.3631005046234	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIBADH	12.4929288511582	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIST1H1D	25.8278101145553	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIST1H1E	12.5274416503142	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIST1H2AB	14.1089256591567	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIST1H2AE	23.6272721035194	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIST1H2AL	11.7561345919279	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIST1H2BE	34.1146654538601	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIST1H2BG	13.2181941551387	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIST1H2BK	52.0103652884557	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIST1H2BM	13.3407233819928	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIST1H3F	11.5889877215967	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIST1H3H	13.3631389816409	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIST1H4C	11.4395642335817	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIST1H4F	11.6386077576282	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HIST2H2BE	20.3344498693819	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HLA-A	16.0055707361297	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HMGN3	11.9391571501146	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HMX2	11.4674945280695	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HMX3	15.6560584886515	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HOPX	18.2073946134383	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HOXA1	14.761276383234	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HOXA11	16.8153279418368	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HOXD1	56.309989147697	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HOXD10	12.9492528624567	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HOXD13	33.2509585297319	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HOXD3	21.8581587403187	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HOXD8	14.7479971177227	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HOXD9	12.4097794011629	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HS3ST2	13.4836127753039	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	HSPA1B	-11.7826715896969	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HSPA6	48.8409475236921	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HSPB1	11.4607603784696	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HSPB3	17.1819470166686	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HSPB6	14.0705728937684	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HTR1A	12.7134325146658	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	HTRA1	19.9581013469929	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ICAM5	14.1963831776855	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ID1	54.4916963600156	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ID2	51.811022058277	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	IDH2	12.8298763807622	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	IER5	29.5913167515764	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	IFITM3	31.7689874232947	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	IFNL2	11.5384409260959	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	IGFBP2	12.0841856302216	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	IGFBP3	25.7416669210518	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	IGFBP4	23.1172499058325	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	IGFBP7	27.2540986259686	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	IL6R	-15.4437331411455	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	INHBB	27.5265500424414	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	INSM1	26.3065714513246	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	INSM2	54.1874982837663	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	IRF3	20.4937861081784	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	IRF4	52.5256578576528	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	IRF8	14.2387398799113	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ISM1	27.207922976676	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ITGAL	12.778459142339	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ITGAM	26.6505580014026	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ITGB1BP2	12.8561041136074	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ITGB4	24.8084597393122	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	JUNB	17.5822690152083	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	KCNB1	11.4360394523807	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	KCNH3	12.1336279998648	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	KDM4E	18.6321513038174	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	KIFC2	12.9172828359905	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	KISS1R	11.9736779185335	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	KL	23.9635515882511	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	KLF10	12.0493508502856	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	KLF4	16.049314214953	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	KLF5	25.5725549126879	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	KLHL14	11.4865426355552	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	KLHL41	-17.2641556583881	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	KRT81	12.3673035017854	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	KRT85	12.6970628819013	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	KRT86	11.6371143343479	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LBX1	15.2672797469062	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LCN8	11.5197537563327	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LDB3	16.8356885046909	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LEFTY2	11.8075135637572	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LGALS1	14.2143769961703	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LGI2	13.6823360372208	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LGR5	13.6330630551699	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LHX2	14.6181018996304	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LIF	21.795831299685	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LMOD1	12.3222921563907	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	LMOD2	-12.045310292848	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LMX1A	12.082901511387	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LMX1B	13.5839958493844	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LOC100129098	13.261057895018	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LOC105370849	12.4712255599465	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LOC107984512	12.4768173118437	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LOC107986554	12.4933261156388	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LOXL2	18.6537088331753	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LPL	22.3326585654905	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LRRC74B	12.1824331474598	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LRRN4	11.3649104967467	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LRRN4CL	14.6592944703323	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	LSM4	12.5310521228895	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MAFB	47.2835531107428	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	MAP2	-12.6007928182494	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MASP1	15.9790865534381	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MATN4	12.0256789332381	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MB	32.2431261779759	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MDK	26.7800375210532	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MFAP4	27.9199236242728	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MFSD10	22.7757009584418	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MFSD2A	38.1538454967541	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MGAT4B	14.5085732122753	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	MICALL2	-13.7237401937439	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MISP	13.7172324410855	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	MMP1	-15.2078662848269	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MN1	26.2657723587761	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MSX1	35.4191095985547	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MT1A	11.5873290332079	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MT1G	17.1753609920045	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MT3	15.6826603793786	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MTMR11	11.8731376527969	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MTRNR2L1	12.1933017483281	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MUC17	12.1385201853311	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MUC3A	13.2077884640307	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MUC5AC	15.689135639949	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MXRA5	18.7808655846748	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYBPC3	12.4076249377567	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYC	57.3954448071777	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYCL	55.611793421343	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYF5	11.8623359689693	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYH6	13.1300890552705	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYH7	15.142931732965	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYL2	14.8520485045921	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYL3	29.8157009571936	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYL4	23.3947633515842	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYL6	14.1636259784515	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYL7	29.8963010888728	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYL9	30.3103687323868	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYLK	23.2703092888453	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYLK3	13.6648712000906	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYOM1	14.3107915235452	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MYZAP	11.6272632442958	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	MZT2A	14.2766812355988	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	NAA15	-12.0275758264642	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NANOS2	11.6873412025174	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NAT16	11.401957501544	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	NCOR1	-11.5964973593742	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NDN	12.6351906732511	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NDNF	16.0339444430905	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NDRG1	41.572250077895	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NDUFA1	17.0546757014393	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NDUFA11	15.1138146567522	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NDUFA7	12.8206521032677	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NDUFV1	14.1546263296566	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NEFH	54.5385024487784	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NEUROD2	13.1705960864088	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NEUROG1	12.5369671303664	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NEUROG2	29.2924318846657	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NIPSNAP2	13.0759264688669	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NKX2-2	13.6518807176343	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NKX3-1	14.0051384270275	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NKX6-1	12.7657408218064	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NPPA	22.274658019167	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NPPC	20.7640901851356	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NPTX2	51.1418540598727	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NR0B1	17.6265992684482	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NR4A3	55.9671055022522	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NREP	24.9147817938232	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NRN1	16.0722639933273	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NUSAP1	25.3417715468117	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	NXF1	16.5694985715463	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	OASL	20.569343831871	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	OAZ1	12.3654983586152	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	OLFML2A	11.5965415746986	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	OLIG1	13.0494287592444	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	OLIG2	61.453816101887	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	OLIG3	11.7259082990629	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	OSGIN1	-14.0707859045373	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	OSR2	16.9473705858649	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	OST4	19.0352130960715	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	OTX1	14.4049717607805	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	OVOL1	29.3353413350321	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	OXCT1	13.8303675311878	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	P2RX1	17.6511287176685	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PAX5	55.9429472177884	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PCDH10	53.463729735484	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PCDH17	17.2383094339993	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PCDH8	52.9935522216384	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PDIA4	11.6058771328216	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	PDK4	-13.3513384366681	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PDLIM7	13.4226972024997	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PEBP1	18.2432485838131	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PECAM1	13.1780035655721	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PERM1	15.8260430554436	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PFKP	15.1570414858976	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PGC	20.7054007234665	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PHGDH	11.6744688875866	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PHPT1	20.4611741013167	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	PLAA	-11.5831888563513	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PLEK	12.6969291739351	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PLEKHA7	12.0851400000758	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PLVAP	15.4732045465516	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PNCK	13.2128162916872	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PNP	46.0743037096124	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PODN	12.0109452617183	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	POLG2	11.8701089261927	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	POLR2A	48.8913748484533	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	POLR2L	21.4834652904917	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PON2	14.1402867800459	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PPDPF	14.351458820046	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PPIA	11.5810348730915	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PPIC	16.1932772356366	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PPP1R1A	16.3310232685053	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PPP2R1A	16.046098527749	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PRDM13	17.0883777919895	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PRDM14	12.3145891172234	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PRDX2	14.7961603987483	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PRDX3	12.9702087873404	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PRMT1	14.7681919550592	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PRSS35	15.650625935847	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PRSS43	15.374415437069	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PSD	12.0216234845091	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	PSMD12	-13.1503461891624	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PSME1	11.4257073500687	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PTF1A	22.7437526627387	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PTGDS	14.8264612368409	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PTGS2	17.8086633492361	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PTHLH	56.622004542097	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	PTN	25.2637960380206	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	PTPRN	-12.281790599871	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RABAC1	11.5253665518889	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RAET1L	40.4580996777995	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RAMP1	14.0881678024558	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RARG	23.029380069082	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RASD1	25.4615686672156	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RASL11A	38.1474741158559	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RBM3	13.6911882791881	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RBP1	17.0698669179999	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RBPJL	12.5433056276069	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RCC1	13.69511626314	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RCSD1	13.0493494991075	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RGCC	57.035470914603	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RGL3	11.7267720357741	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RGMA	12.2190703880256	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RGS16	50.7295057321022	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RGS2	52.3718515856321	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RGS4	61.2974188075378	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RGS5	20.0583349074263	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RIPPLY2	11.4579789440488	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RND1	57.1977371116805	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RNF207	18.4988977060171	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ROS1	15.3403944325105	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RPL41	16.0982276353194	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RPLP1	16.2566693331252	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RPSA	11.6481708441316	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RRM2	12.1312086714839	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RSU1	16.2399258256686	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RTBDN	13.5114817636723	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	RTL6	-14.6180421385117	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RUNX3	12.7930803035221	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	RYR1	15.8552288416512	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	S100A4	21.8154560369637	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	S100A6	13.1038571922989	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	SACS	-12.4782539773149	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SALL1	16.2824467332093	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SAT1	29.163757206088	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SCP2	13.2725447253874	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SCRT2	13.0225515961132	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SCUBE3	15.7731799458092	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SDC4	18.1557157982172	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SELE	12.058087427914	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SELENBP1	11.3993612593591	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SELENOW	22.1678501376415	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SERF2	31.4688254999649	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SERPINE1	12.8178261123302	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SERPINE2	15.028614122035	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SFRP2	12.5200549445114	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SFRP5	18.7507092213552	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SGK1	51.0837516442261	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SHH	18.60166920482	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SIGLEC1	11.7558365066752	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SIX2	28.3012061199649	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SIX4	13.2424585722901	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SIX6	11.7883593546879	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SLC13A5	14.6739184801172	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SLC16A6	54.1506356342895	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SLC32A1	12.0372677072865	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	SLC3A2	-12.0092414381978	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SLC4A1	12.0384477041816	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SLC4A11	17.0645487726396	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SLC5A1	20.1390006207446	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SLC9A1	14.6542208751388	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SLCO4A1	14.9641399690995	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SLFN11	28.4832868505638	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SLFN5	11.8431828096306	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SLIT3	13.285570158249	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SMPX	20.5128445570363	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SMTN	12.339798055415	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SMYD1	12.3670516517007	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SNAI1	50.4872007686813	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SNCA	14.4827427392562	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	SNX2	-13.1879612913178	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SOX2	60.2208020200948	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SOX4	24.7486249736623	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SOX9	55.9658019981131	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SPARC	13.8876316258751	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SPHKAP	11.9311977643154	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SPINT2	20.7898347114958	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SRP14	13.2270780021013	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SRPX	16.2518385607074	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	SRXN1	-13.1821959695783	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	STC1	13.207717064118	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SUSD2	11.8667306570236	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	SYT6	17.118142829638	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TAC1	57.7135565783804	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TACR1	58.9533921836922	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TAGLN	43.5881065908018	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TAL1	12.0484156927942	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TAS1R2	12.397184800016	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TBC1D2	14.1565714973195	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TCAP	19.6518259896016	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TFCP2L1	21.8725878515213	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TGM2	13.5316189582203	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TIMP2	14.5270090197401	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TLE3	15.7008712410008	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TLX1	12.9968199341418	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TLX3	14.1617133463663	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TMED9	12.565639841826	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TMSB10	19.6418294754994	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TNFRSF10D	48.028384454346	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TNFRSF18	12.9226366206475	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	TNFRSF1A	-11.7095229334977	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TNFSF12	11.6133875025662	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TNFSF14	17.0368492178101	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TNFSF9	29.2398735275113	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TNNC1	21.3409206592151	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TNNI1	31.2796939450299	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TNNT2	23.1565766619846	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TNS4	14.2840753364719	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TOMM7	14.0990155641988	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TOP2A	17.0333776609504	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TPBG	22.9739246805451	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TPM1	15.5381836822795	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TPM2	25.1494779107404	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TRDN	12.0440188907907	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	TRIM24	-11.5347010783094	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TRPV2	62.1797860984058	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TSKS	13.304570725131	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TSPO	25.3019199379782	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TSTD1	21.943429573107	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TUBB3	44.2824450488824	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	TULP2	60.0835455430186	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	UBC	-15.7851174801833	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	UBL5	17.6964091929732	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	UCHL1	12.8299089589253	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	UCN3	11.6300517109127	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	UCP1	17.9377331198734	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ULBP1	19.0515864185127	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ULBP2	50.4045961234216	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	UQCR11	16.5856776260027	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	USF2	12.9297120379866	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	USP17L2	18.2017126541217	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	VDR	11.7855937747007	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	VGLL2	22.6916523942947	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	VGLL3	23.8208106305613	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	VIPR2	12.8595226490004	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	WDR74	28.8747374626408	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	WHRN	15.1692818893198	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	WNT1	18.5166085415719	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	XIRP2	-18.0683996582101	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ZAN	13.6263779341769	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	ZBED5	-12.888246993527	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ZCCHC12	50.8069786411351	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	ZFAND2A	-12.771916459519	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ZFP36	32.5431712616595	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Orange	ZIC2	11.9179325172695	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Orange	ZNF770	-14.3090352269949	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	A2M	9.79082202726768	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	ABCA13	-13.1000632717759	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ABHD15	19.0313761514373	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ACLY	11.600304975031	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ACOXL	9.90010621523386	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ACTA2	10.0758520513531	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ACTC1	11.3527267306029	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ADAM11	11.1314817150729	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	ADAMTS1	-10.2022838373759	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ADAMTS5	10.4775664366886	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ADCY3	14.8227138158175	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	ADGRG1	-17.1722521234996	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ADO	9.95812312684656	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ADPRHL1	14.1336907430333	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ADRA2A	20.0069226208697	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ADRA2C	24.6225608989745	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	AHNAK2	9.49839603320133	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	AIF1L	13.5649735029356	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	AKR1B10	-10.0933058854683	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ALDH1A3	20.288108907398	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	AMIGO3	51.1986443773254	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ANKRD13B	9.75230587717958	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ANKRD33B	11.2070996893716	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ANKRD63	11.8260366664638	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ANLN	18.2275940652174	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	AP3B2	44.8749150618853	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	AP5B1	12.9691786201511	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	AP5Z1	-11.8937132252537	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	APCDD1	14.4598355247798	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	APLN	47.9015861333922	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	AQP3	42.6345732532423	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ARC	37.0913979882737	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	ARHGEF10L	-9.46352079416301	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ARL6IP1	12.8893872856311	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ARRDC4	11.1008705542991	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ASF1B	28.9217194388868	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ASPM	13.3175948070503	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ASPN	11.0179923346684	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ASPRV1	12.3780973470581	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ATP12A	18.5864242098946	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	B3GNT5	10.9530462065681	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	BAHD1	10.6182613654322	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	BAIAP2	16.0150824989675	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	BAZ1A	15.6812433047443	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	BCAM	9.57333490082139	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	BCL2L11	11.7122338661198	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	BCORL1	14.6473977649102	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	BEND3	9.61189130974	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	BICDL1	10.0418914487926	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	BIRC5	22.2033217193902	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	BMP8A	10.9787121376024	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	BNC1	9.36414875753007	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	BRINP3	-9.71001166798949	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	BTBD11	21.094596155847	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	BUB1	12.2069406319477	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	C11ORF95	14.564411088791	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	C21ORF58	9.28738360973011	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	C2CD2L	10.8788445759354	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	C2CD4A	17.1301996829646	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	C5ORF38	11.8832490845614	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	C6ORF120	10.6172210618568	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	C7	19.4454841905185	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CA2	48.0112582480658	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CA8	19.5802611285934	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CABLES1	32.0025304283431	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CABP1	11.0906265557152	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CABYR	15.8965428394248	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CACNA1G	17.6763457965881	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CALB2	19.805841858428	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CASQ2	19.4557758836691	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CATSPERG	28.5379651267634	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CAVIN2	10.9859090357779	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CCDC88C	14.0773861302448	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CCL21	11.1672379064063	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CCM2L	24.7450675910837	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CCNA2	11.6606731354266	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CCNG2	17.5372790502855	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CCNO	17.0536941172477	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	CCR7	-15.8065792282159	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CDC20	11.9231542499164	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CDC42EP4	18.0722037125689	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CDCA5	9.59846560349839	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CDH24	10.4598363704881	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CDH3	13.0352327850042	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CDHR2	10.8642238698264	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CDK1	14.1768576592426	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CDK19	10.973731913207	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CDK5R1	21.2294250159058	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	CDKN1A	-11.8004371390155	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CDO1	9.70385244066051	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CDR2L	11.2750225786417	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CEBPA	45.1282617838282	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CELSR2	10.795912660336	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CENPF	16.1124261597584	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CHCHD7	16.4038585604511	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CHD7	12.8599925072523	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CHRM4	51.1344826874033	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CHST15	11.5259495205713	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CHST2	22.6242671831184	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CHST8	52.8346169735839	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CKM	19.1996196999527	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CKS2	22.3483961777	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CLDN6	15.0676252541446	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CLDN9	11.6080192850759	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	CLIP3	-9.39844219342507	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CLP1	15.850916143351	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CLSPN	9.30376899591678	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	CLU	-13.4531958842674	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CNN1	10.3762972280266	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CNR1	45.0107955578729	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	COQ8A	10.4892354122165	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CORIN	20.0829079886659	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	COX6A2	13.3385878865065	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	CPA4	-9.26525046743778	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CREBRF	14.5361037383807	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CRIP2	18.0597337475332	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CRTAC1	44.4352315994902	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	CRYAB	-20.6840426739721	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	CSRNP1	-11.8515295981397	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CSRNP2	11.0364015377039	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CTNNA3	14.1836615270856	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CTSV	22.7355222643414	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CUX2	9.38860764819112	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CXCL12	10.1073609592937	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CXCR4	48.3393449621648	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CYP1B1	9.69672323099011	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	CYP26B1	15.2194939618358	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	DCN	-9.84267890863407	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DDIT4L	16.5659598615757	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DDN	12.5577192674792	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DEPDC1	9.84290458396792	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DGKE	16.9125739833542	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DHDH	17.1563210646109	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	DHRS2	-10.2308140890758	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DIO3	26.4439780936954	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DISP3	48.8630439196899	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DKKL1	12.4196855601564	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DLGAP5	11.2548643347618	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	DLK1	-10.527315434627	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DLL4	24.5273184250588	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DNAAF1	18.4038547952883	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	DNAJB1	-18.7298486725121	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DNAJC22	13.7980991694219	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	DNM1	-11.0118691454719	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DPEP2	13.1760421753944	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DPYSL5	15.2260385404245	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	DUSP4	11.2867883489207	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	DYNC1I1	-16.6345281967922	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	EGR2	11.7564734169691	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	EGR3	16.57650168105	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	EGR4	15.1189551809447	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ELN	12.0524448410446	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	EMP2	9.96381232374935	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	EN2	47.024821863929	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ENO3	10.0531553118717	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	EPHA4	11.0117176487203	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ERO1B	21.8983037589363	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	EZH2	14.1451675667	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	F2RL2	-9.37897788259757	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FAM107B	10.9286059225874	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FAM111B	9.54533178468521	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FAM117A	15.2315805847082	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FAM131B	9.5730453113213	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FAM198B	9.27668380796515	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	FAM241B	-10.8958883412646	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FAM78A	13.0436977687297	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FAM83D	14.5569512721688	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	FAM83G	-19.592959785401	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FAM84A	17.4282043835583	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FAM84B	9.59605064218939	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FBXL22	14.9912294201738	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	FBXO2	-13.1445510015154	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FBXO41	9.3890403172429	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FEN1	10.3942197535121	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FGF12	16.8622598264125	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FGFR3	31.4375599226737	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FGFRL1	12.4888760375554	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FIBCD1	9.96954346252364	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FITM1	10.4884155273	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	FLNC	-10.9141608207792	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	FNIP2	-12.5796295217591	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FOS	12.9644460636623	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FOSB	46.1919151772064	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	FOSL1	-18.7052683706626	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FOXC1	15.4880820775041	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FOXQ1	9.38856095279689	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FRAT1	18.5909748233534	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FRAT2	13.4385523242287	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FSD2	12.9575270947023	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	FTL	-22.1677180396121	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FUCA1	12.6399335932594	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FUT3	19.158337026233	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FXYD1	13.1516786946374	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FXYD6	15.1692922536845	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FZD1	10.1651042492479	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FZD10	12.0553088458173	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	FZD8	13.3370627175516	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	G0S2	11.8760134170905	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	GABARAPL1	-10.807185967855	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GABRE	9.40612082252719	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GAD1	10.8605935063705	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GADD45B	16.7454722884434	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GALR2	10.6537317666239	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GATA3	13.7441536351677	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	GCKR	-18.2410775638163	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	GCLM	-11.6773842640453	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	GCNT3	-9.85797624231493	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GDNF	14.1615940071099	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GFI1	10.5526511874313	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GINS3	9.33340626834855	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GJA5	9.95689513627648	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GJB2	22.2968853655675	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GLP1R	13.7069061166025	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GNG4	48.6138479559125	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GOLGA7B	15.7314980177495	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GPR161	19.1262661051941	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GPR83	28.3732140643929	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	GPX3	-11.9949727772455	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GRB10	16.0349444231946	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	GTF2B	12.4695333292667	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	H1F0	11.2815017787933	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	H2AFJ	9.28717891137536	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HAP1	11.3210891468287	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HAS3	51.2627027455771	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HIC2	14.7773614220743	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HIST1H2AE	46.7681161955552	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HIST1H2AG	10.8974719052529	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HIST1H2BG	46.1965917183215	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HIST1H2BK	17.2203827093202	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HIST1H3H	26.0770614772591	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HIST1H3J	9.58052289329881	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HIST2H2BE	16.2356418727918	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HIST3H2A	18.6189082492522	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	HKDC1	-13.9702571701406	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HMGB2	9.51473872411167	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	HMOX1	-14.8560171289993	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HOPX	13.0433835147759	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HS6ST2	17.6615516516994	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	HSP90AA1	-14.0842267309961	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	HSP90AB1	-12.1412921748434	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	HSPA1B	-16.6017379173749	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HSPA2	12.7126013072793	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	HSPA6	-9.51559456233966	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	HSPA8	-18.8535313417452	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HSPB6	9.3997968214249	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	HTATIP2	-10.0722424679521	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	HTRA1	13.843692829578	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ICAM5	13.0205995794284	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ID1	17.372907353146	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ID2	16.8522319034602	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	IDH2	12.820903412895	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	IGDCC3	11.4877958575084	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	IGF2	12.8389672381243	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	IGFL2	-10.3069545522256	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	IKZF1	10.4166811534751	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	IL6R	-19.2275414295815	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	INAFM2	13.1138671980129	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ING1	16.4106021481155	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ING2	11.2185677917405	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ING5	9.94586322913171	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	INHBB	32.6287417051302	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	INSM1	19.6102504131085	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	INSM2	49.3614703003397	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	INSYN1	15.984149847606	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	INSYN2	12.9432092191712	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	INTS5	11.1160456351666	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	IQGAP3	10.4390067200882	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	IRF3	9.26875003980292	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	IRF4	46.8822961674564	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	IRX2	13.1577063331004	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ITGA6	15.4239495696544	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ITGAM	21.9325436688084	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ITPKB	13.8528073089775	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	ITPKC	-9.92177442022905	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	JPH2	9.71427369177109	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KCNA1	16.4288176648357	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KCNAB2	15.087412513039	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KCNIP3	13.556764528843	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KCNJ12	10.2089609694206	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KCNJ5	10.2604418262822	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KCNQ1	12.1966970416875	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KCNQ4	26.9093919203513	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KCTD5	10.6490234414375	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	KDR	-11.9515696283504	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	KIAA0930	-11.0139749662727	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KIF20A	18.3007697000749	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KLF10	19.5357659978759	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KLF9	10.8918753738854	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KLHL25	10.6636971903317	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KLHL28	10.1663983094857	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KLHL29	25.9862063742971	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	KLLN	21.9902752614821	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	L3MBTL3	18.4551354742518	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LDB3	19.7655181751742	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LEF1	12.3896036474479	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LETM2	12.3303920711824	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LGI2	10.0263459654557	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LGR5	18.1617311773403	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LGSN	27.2716398786622	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LIN9	9.36901947204581	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LINGO1	16.3247505330136	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LMOD1	9.62913671493277	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LMX1B	27.8662031992945	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LOC105370687	17.3970257573478	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LOC107983990	9.66238300937163	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LONRF3	9.42435119064853	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LOXL2	14.6496355285236	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LPAR2	9.72090313642704	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LRRC4	18.5220524893237	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LRRN1	27.8066597863384	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LRRN4	13.8607051346542	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	LTB4R	15.5347166319391	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	LUM	-14.8702198004755	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MAF	24.0059031595652	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MAFA	19.9736373025446	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MAFB	39.0619962841533	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	MAN2B1	-10.2074854067709	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	MAP1A	-13.1320835231585	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	MAP2	-17.2780273127386	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	MAPK8IP3	-9.77725239313691	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MASP1	17.508895345047	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MASTL	10.1478202017653	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MB	15.8467154382616	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MCM4	10.860509373344	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MCOLN1	11.3508931694133	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MCOLN3	9.95769674797286	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MDGA1	13.2191189039503	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	MDM2	-9.35997358157684	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MEGF6	11.1863660533848	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	MET	-13.293920158348	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MEX3A	10.6682722250668	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MFAP3L	21.731193040919	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MFAP4	16.0108435051679	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MFSD2A	12.050214008766	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	MICALL2	-15.8894119129045	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MKI67	24.0004530777711	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MMD	10.1151714823747	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	MMP1	-23.8659017925217	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	MMP10	-10.6316983700131	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MMP15	10.4463053124296	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MN1	10.3582479078229	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MSX1	16.0451023649959	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MTF1	12.2554870281444	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MTFR2	13.0680481504862	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MYBL2	17.1753923634163	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MYBPC3	11.0388672031511	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MYCL	51.4862685704896	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	MYH14	-17.476493227785	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MYH6	9.62304832126533	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MYH7	20.6262320661931	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MYL2	15.926200705558	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MYL3	23.1445284760132	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MYL4	15.44817482999	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MYL7	22.9079237823572	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MYL9	10.2812984177612	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MYLK	11.2206664106153	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MYLK3	12.7206431093677	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MYOCD	10.3808438819926	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	MYOM1	11.368304445827	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NAT8L	12.6392541925396	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NAV1	10.7804945193574	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NCOA2	9.30680714213631	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NDOR1	9.55614251716227	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NDRG1	30.5417349392013	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NEFH	14.1716851023092	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	NEFM	-14.2778457564604	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NEK8	16.0140057234774	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NETO2	13.3789408790379	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NHLH2	22.7897796165361	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NIPSNAP2	10.7127852775981	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NKAIN1	12.283711814781	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NKPD1	51.9187863726587	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NKX3-1	13.0388799293364	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NMB	13.3387416678796	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NOTCH1	13.198297078802	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NOXO1	15.9301043400142	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	NPC1	-12.4148224296875	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NPPA	14.0036646068145	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NPPB	12.541175742851	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NPTX2	44.8179038668882	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NR5A1	16.1989311355336	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NRARP	19.2668075248404	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NREP	22.5179321880253	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NT5DC3	14.5565587250884	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NTN1	20.2487631754692	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NUSAP1	12.2328914789506	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	NXPE3	-9.47933014054335	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	NXT2	9.79657825831045	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	OBSL1	9.95552205077868	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	OLFML2A	14.4995355281315	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	OSGIN1	-21.828528329219	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	OTOS	17.0511560298945	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	OVOL1	49.8083160933211	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	P2RY1	14.0744664630006	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PAX5	11.0538503326879	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PBK	9.87937445345558	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PCDH17	46.0258420212761	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PCDH19	49.1820390991712	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PCDH8	14.5546031710213	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PDE1C	10.1287199104618	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PDE4C	30.8956439761726	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	PDK4	-19.9371078233154	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PDZRN3	10.7980642961874	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PEG10	13.9754525768418	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PGAM2	9.55433457523293	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PHETA1	13.656420643728	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PIGZ	9.48784141498775	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PIMREG	16.6290491823487	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PIP4K2C	11.4226637363486	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	PITHD1	-10.475710129649	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PITPNC1	19.3252215492769	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PLCD1	22.0838338965439	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PLEKHA7	10.1047288300032	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PLXNA4	12.1648614831461	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PMEL	9.4522853379387	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PMEPA1	9.55673462346537	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PNLDC1	11.9638979461577	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PNP	13.6251607411414	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	POLG2	30.9133703174947	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	POLR2A	16.2814140656104	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	POU3F1	45.5880644343215	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PPFIA3	11.2915693280049	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PPM1E	9.92311816215374	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PPP1R14C	10.3582880299034	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PRPS2	10.9367951442337	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PRR11	10.6480513302788	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PRSS35	9.95111052316449	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PRSS42	12.1605222928596	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PRSS43	12.3501667243087	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	PSMC4	-11.0943675870342	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	PSMD12	-12.0471011964349	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	PSMD14	-11.2985664308483	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	PSMD2	-12.1656727048724	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PTCH1	14.9673833765192	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PTN	10.4252201912993	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	PTPRN	-20.4860577531683	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	PYROXD2	10.2067705869054	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	QRICH2	14.6931636921565	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RAB31	11.0174655628801	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RARG	14.6341640643253	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RASD1	9.8278026791657	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	RBM11	-12.8604875112436	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RCC1	18.1415835371617	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RCC2	9.42146616109896	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RCSD1	14.844519430771	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RFLNB	26.9093867907588	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RGCC	16.0117542339385	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RGMA	9.39671857055316	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RGMB	13.7446553058902	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RGS16	44.2027525612136	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RGS2	16.777296705827	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RGS5	15.1364719188114	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RHBDL3	16.4397829128555	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RND1	13.7106502771885	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RNF207	16.0563910068912	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RRM2	17.4057804322483	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	RSAD2	-12.065829384921	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RSRP1	11.3763894607134	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RTL5	13.9721540033343	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RTN4RL1	36.1732001004857	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	RUNX3	45.1761640935387	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SALL1	13.5880512225994	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	SAT1	-10.0043673430493	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SATB2	14.3213717213283	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SCUBE3	15.950524785845	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SDC1	15.8047182138672	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SELENOW	9.51491990482119	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SERINC5	10.0755380379764	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SERPINB9	10.7880203663373	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SETD1B	10.5559804708093	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SFRP5	21.1200816884285	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SHE	48.2859793896789	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SHISA2	48.8116796666581	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SHISA6	13.3945927871113	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SIN3A	10.0926719257927	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SIX2	48.3305574630858	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	SLC12A8	-10.2273342490295	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC15A2	11.7958562893106	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC16A10	9.38909089999829	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC17A7	9.34678545869673	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	SLC1A3	-9.93762473565286	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC25A47	15.3009309577057	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC30A1	15.9786472710609	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC39A8	10.8460427988613	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	SLC3A2	-11.2556534759693	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC43A2	20.1178152685385	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC4A11	43.7890045755622	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC5A1	17.6408229615517	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC5A3	10.3339908904664	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	SLC7A11	-12.1537533848822	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC9A1	13.1015613654653	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC9A5	13.9283080614088	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLFN12	9.4852327077727	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLFN13	12.4661361251063	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SLFN5	25.6607899555235	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SMYD1	11.1145718693853	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SNAI1	43.8412760992485	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SNAP91	11.0004911878686	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SNN	13.587435506324	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	SNX10	-9.78660527316066	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SOX11	11.0230856149987	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SOX18	9.27457755929297	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SOX3	55.5169980479136	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SP6	9.65415106629979	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SPHK1	36.8720103241245	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SPINT1	23.9304088032636	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SPOCK1	10.8272822714163	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SPON1	13.5665517769076	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SPRED3	11.992916608578	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SPTBN2	11.4726800521721	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	SQSTM1	-10.5803291415726	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SRPX	10.9585040683844	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	SRXN1	-16.1198549888138	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SULT1E1	12.0768677753661	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	SYNE3	9.60057091353221	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TACR1	10.5790729181105	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TAF3	14.2919722409012	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TAGLN	12.6766336441759	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	TANGO2	-10.044482788306	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TBC1D2	11.1618121213627	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TBCC	10.0777034469288	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TBX2	11.1192095796324	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TCAP	17.0183487555924	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TCF24	23.9538185121222	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TDRD10	13.8567263994285	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TET3	9.76078130371514	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TEX14	10.354019249331	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TFCP2L1	49.3497508471562	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TGIF2	9.74896645533117	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TGM2	10.7034737824917	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	THRB	14.9332385368957	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	TIMP4	-9.69000904239791	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TK1	11.3115678194404	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TLCD1	15.7653570788581	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TLE3	9.36997348190665	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TLNRD1	14.4499935693626	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TMCC2	9.28656613005966	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TMEM129	11.5041294628121	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TMEM158	22.0277587352707	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TMEM178B	13.1761936646464	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TNFAIP2	18.2278968933389	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TNFRSF10A	45.319418330405	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TNFRSF10C	25.9760004366168	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TNFRSF10D	40.1731538726954	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	TNFRSF12A	-9.92300453111685	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TNFSF9	18.4914643062843	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TNNC1	13.9134328034175	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TNNI1	23.9366387166692	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TNNT2	14.5794973873905	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TOB2	10.3709102353059	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TOP2A	24.2196777341016	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TPBG	20.5938056849245	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TPM1	13.1362448401478	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TPRG1L	11.1317805251581	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	TRIM16L	-10.0905046996657	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TRIM71	51.4025445476071	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TROAP	10.0085915536426	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TSHZ3	12.0555238151451	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TSPAN11	49.3759907450365	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TSPAN18	9.7641365069639	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	TUBA1C	-14.0423589645129	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	TUBB4A	-11.046056743775	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	TWNK	13.2025419125639	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	TXNRD1	-11.6816151397377	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	UBC	-20.3092846060069	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	UBE2C	10.2180770983183	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	UBE2QL1	13.2761679850893	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	UBTF	14.1732369950597	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	UCHL1	-15.091518616304	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	UFD1	-9.36044770364623	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	UHRF1	10.3750664559404	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ULBP2	24.2704838303613	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	UNKL	-10.2368882665998	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	USP49	10.4649388371886	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	VASH2	11.6941314535002	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	VCAM1	13.0244635829972	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	VDR	26.8583049078085	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	VWCE	12.2511278423638	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	WHRN	40.6489408517488	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	WNT1	9.93133601680773	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	WNT9A	9.43301700547364	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	XIRP2	-16.0057336228669	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	XRCC3	10.631595119417	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	YPEL1	9.28933365497652	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ZBTB11	14.8314279083944	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ZBTB7C	9.47593753892057	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ZC3HAV1	14.7415940192069	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ZCCHC12	44.3183285389402	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	ZFAND2A	-17.7076003375	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ZIK1	16.7936491067566	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ZNF101	14.1101044805098	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ZNF296	12.0736620698484	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	DodgerBlue	ZNF365	-9.78342104032146	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ZNF367	19.793608767206	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ZNF423	14.3350464796742	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ZNF425	11.7862395491868	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ZNF646	13.8673309346848	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ZNF703	22.0570874027155	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ZNF77	9.7679526218784	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	DodgerBlue	ZSCAN10	10.4493867169072	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	A2M	29.6762414341012	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ABCA13	-23.0808478871465	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ABHD15	45.4889205510769	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ACLY	28.5115855552315	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ACTA1	-20.1877015386004	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ACTA2	15.5210206818518	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADAD2	20.8481223452171	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADAM11	19.5371021351817	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADAMTS15	17.2565977154168	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADAMTS7	23.4464869086598	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADCYAP1R1	21.72614100497	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADGRF3	18.3238658688772	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ADGRG1	-31.1449114634843	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADRA2C	16.5520775133238	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	AFAP1L1	-18.1636295657451	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	AIF1L	21.2149215150724	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ALOXE3	-16.4332068428273	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	AMIGO3	41.4454416176141	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ANKRD1	-36.0109624871246	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ANKRD55	16.7289116567697	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ANKRD63	15.5808955041151	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ANLN	32.1305047111827	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ANXA4	18.0179407579286	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	AP3B2	30.3037370791615	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	AP5Z1	-22.2849462377882	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	APCDD1	22.0354201278649	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	APLN	35.636393353913	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	APOBR	16.9581945901275	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	APOL6	16.943171443551	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	AQP3	26.3565051133511	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ARC	-17.4567715741139	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ARHGEF10L	-20.114197838896	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ARL6IP1	16.3387089226125	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ASF1B	31.3558520015375	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ASPM	23.4244987915901	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ASPRV1	16.0288976731262	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ATF3	21.7013502699955	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ATP12A	17.7665709332171	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ATP5F1D	-15.2136295107502	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	BAG3	-16.3577236612345	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BARX1	16.5115126172181	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BAZ1A	19.9352415115772	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BCAM	15.1424115465947	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BCL6	21.605923530044	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BHLHE22	21.3147173231454	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BIRC5	40.270260442402	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BMP8B	15.8343326124774	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BUB1	22.4652942518908	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	C10ORF71	-32.4339242164963	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C17ORF47	26.5135211421634	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C1ORF116	18.2548370188433	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C1QTNF9B	18.4189179901273	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C2CD4A	41.9805552917833	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C5ORF60	20.8352607871745	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C7	32.6150938136893	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C9	15.5685115602935	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CA2	35.8296233669084	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CA8	22.5457442253134	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CABLES1	15.9779227890615	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CABP1	34.2945311679609	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CABYR	25.1875947216275	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CACNA1G	22.8519285041992	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CAND2	-26.3180261774297	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CASQ2	33.1214674400227	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CCDC3	16.5343841753327	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CCDC80	16.880565405627	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CCL25	15.6864279064294	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CCL7	17.5673175378664	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CCM2L	44.3521554004122	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CCNA2	20.2031339651634	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CCNG2	16.1137371624867	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CCR7	-27.8494266183129	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CD247	16.4795280959418	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CDC20	18.340285623626	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CDC25B	18.6561204142146	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CDC42EP4	24.5530825067114	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CDCA5	29.7601938838653	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CDCA8	15.1737263759415	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CDH3	18.3459286006817	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CDHR2	17.1209980725445	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CDIPT	17.8360189578862	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CDK1	27.9917131260143	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CEBPA	30.7501056981952	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CELSR2	19.1171930178239	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CEMIP2	16.8193840486231	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CENPF	28.2930687280776	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CEP170B	-24.3936401614402	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CFAP43	20.1157052995422	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CFAP99	15.3092937023201	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CHCHD2	-16.0496458149721	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CHCHD7	45.173200629281	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CHI3L2	18.3874586097286	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CHRM4	41.3323958884024	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CHST8	44.3278425540382	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CKM	28.0614757991776	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CKMT2	-19.353517142798	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CKS2	26.8231666175737	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CLIC5	17.089216707004	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CLIP3	-22.3339303067175	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CLSPN	18.2455282771233	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CLU	-24.0094179516969	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CNR1	30.5431433319145	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	COL21A1	-27.2174163436607	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	COL5A2	21.7492992268659	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CORIN	30.0386139383354	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CPNE5	24.1100572371852	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CRIP2	24.3273822264236	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CRTAC1	29.5290639418271	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CRYAB	-39.588252279885	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CSRNP1	-21.0065119533481	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CSRNP2	18.6186740606789	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CSRP3	-19.3768685130036	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CSTA	15.3528404917754	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CSTF3	15.6926244877616	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CTSL	21.1912473053127	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CTSV	53.6671607115416	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CTSW	18.587313828104	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CXCL12	16.2651899934113	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CXCR4	36.4076755018344	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CYB5R1	-15.7881202776551	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CYP1B1	22.1313794530861	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CYP2J2	-33.440569457644	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DDB2	26.5980467425602	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	DDX27	-15.6746191285747	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	DHRS2	-15.6834109233797	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DISP3	37.3303745550015	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DLGAP5	21.3590537344402	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DLL4	41.0089588478174	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DLX3	19.2131861947074	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DMAC1	15.6081193469187	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DNAAF1	26.4969198144775	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	DNAJB1	-36.8041528983486	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DNAJB13	20.0691642098369	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DNAJC22	15.897236556831	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	DNM1	-20.2555707610665	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DPEP2	17.1117033995606	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DPEP3	17.0938457016684	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DPYSL5	16.2595616710399	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	DUSP1	-16.0462081503354	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	DUSP27	-34.2714689328782	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DUSP4	34.089844987998	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	DYNC1I1	-28.1004241050337	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	E2F1	16.0682852775392	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	EEF1A2	-44.2746621729111	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EEF2K	18.7314215400577	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EFCC1	17.5089332401963	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EFHB	18.0727932794206	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	EFNB3	-24.7308732438531	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EGR2	30.7050073320058	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	EGR4	-16.2632576271165	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ELN	17.0569562379452	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ELOVL3	15.7387980900349	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EMP2	16.6470078476188	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EMX1	16.8836643596397	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EN2	34.0916326671489	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EPHA4	42.7963479561399	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EPHX1	49.9927278106047	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ERO1B	43.4650930262126	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ESRRG	-16.5778318061582	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ETV7	18.9621467988999	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EXD1	16.8347395479975	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FAM111B	22.0580367282261	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FAM163A	16.6435734102332	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FAM198B	18.5583630868496	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FAM19A3	15.6851861454892	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	FAM241B	-24.2761851921912	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	FAM83G	-34.8032378333863	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FAM84A	18.512556276713	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FAS	42.5954446652441	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FBXL22	20.8191023181843	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	FBXO2	-15.2580232489607	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FCN3	16.6750748455528	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FDXR	37.6536338336361	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FEN1	20.5603056018242	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FGF12	18.9900763747824	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	FILIP1	-15.9815730960147	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	FLNC	-25.644103693083	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	FLRT3	-15.1679720686084	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	FNIP2	-24.3677925603714	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOS	24.7017341256382	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOSB	32.624144141208	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	FOSL1	-25.3233112809731	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOXA3	28.872104287143	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOXE1	25.8033376009753	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOXF2	26.806300333229	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOXI2	17.3944244014157	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOXM1	15.7471180411084	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOXR1	22.1096029259193	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	FTL	-34.8678753863303	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FUCA1	48.7489428285814	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FUT3	43.3605508227133	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FXYD1	17.406640921846	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FXYD6	27.219833051867	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FZD10	21.1803309730722	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FZD8	19.8607810419677	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	G0S2	16.8172186321947	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	GAB2	-17.3992495030036	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GABBR2	17.3142512311759	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GAD1	46.0836689073718	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	GCKR	-23.1895067482031	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	GCLM	-20.0358409182471	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	GCNT3	-17.3686527617152	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GDNF	27.1417700324671	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GFI1	17.7016783475145	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GJB2	19.3559893909275	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GLP1R	18.189805418308	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GNAL	23.3330122446906	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GNG4	36.8913191081139	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GPR161	18.4849454747825	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	GPR22	-26.6047078757225	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GPR83	41.5362838603287	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GPR87	17.575391995693	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	GPSM1	-21.4434809070978	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	GPX3	-20.5653118454415	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GRAP	37.8659902425426	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GRB10	17.6515994910122	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GSDMC	24.9542945329456	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GTF2B	20.1834176366179	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	H1F0	25.4253727853969	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	H2AFJ	44.9210245442411	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	H6PD	16.7410221080114	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HAP1	34.8923701492808	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HAPLN3	36.7624427379492	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HGS	-15.309835001652	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HIF3A	-37.7842118349194	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H1E	43.6086971761844	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2AE	33.6393459597811	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2AG	17.6455870978797	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2AI	20.9007159523675	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2AM	42.7805899029262	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2BE	16.0520114303838	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2BF	43.4507655912665	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2BG	32.6323836841688	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2BK	32.4861089181541	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H3A	15.8533854612312	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H3D	16.8431630447541	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H3H	36.549859362149	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H3J	25.6226825603821	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H4D	16.5225316609255	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST2H2AB	16.7214894368331	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST2H2AC	16.8480813158072	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST2H2BE	19.843242337738	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HKDC1	-21.7728355717935	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HLA-B	20.3976266556841	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HMGA1	-15.3312097236248	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HMGB2	17.4274893748441	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HMOX1	-18.4331676999074	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HOPX	15.9457808382352	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HOXD1	17.3407673492841	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HS3ST2	26.4500428083436	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HSD17B6	19.4155407713707	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HSP90AA1	-25.2363064375785	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HSP90AB1	-20.6406527141629	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HSPA1B	-30.1985397743981	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HSPA2	31.7195712432651	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HSPA6	-29.7938850690947	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HSPA8	-32.320987938848	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HSPB6	15.2500703672369	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HTRA1	24.7891004650539	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ICAM1	21.9620956858531	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ID2	31.9621495987173	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IDH2	20.6627824341109	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IDO1	23.7128787551181	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IDO2	18.1015122297508	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IFI30	20.6951733718743	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IFIT2	51.9776962739928	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IFIT3	18.8418610722778	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	IFRD1	-17.4392495197052	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IGFBP5	21.3468808802708	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IGFL3	23.9034551954747	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IKBIP	17.5434547970241	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IL4R	36.1479894005179	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	IL6R	-30.569183137815	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	INAFM2	20.4638960194459	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	INSM1	24.8695009323586	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	INSM2	38.208546151279	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	INSYN2	16.5883359154161	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IQCF1	15.6300216497093	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IQGAP3	20.7869494808097	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IRF1	48.1866481408659	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IRF4	33.8405183135733	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ISM1	22.1877504891296	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ITGB1BP2	-22.7827225966125	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ITIH2	15.7244452915243	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	JSRP1	15.5326961551468	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KCNG3	16.6455511930159	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KCNH4	23.6589213095841	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KCNJ5	17.7685137089922	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KCNK10	19.358611718265	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KCNQ1	16.3827429747545	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KCTD5	17.013302160023	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KDSR	29.419654690394	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KIAA0040	51.973982060661	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	KIAA0930	-20.6005660731073	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KIAA1324	19.2264454073908	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	KIF1A	-15.5933304559092	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KIF20A	33.541520968774	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KIF2C	16.2269337279842	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KLHL29	22.3095740066116	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	KLHL30	-26.0547319656689	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	KLHL31	-45.38809897508	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KLLN	34.8663933604388	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	L3MBTL3	36.4391032073439	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	LAMA1	-16.557318772024	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LDB3	16.5152794742866	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LEFTY1	15.2884440914855	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LETM2	25.0741354580556	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LGR5	39.8072049718679	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LGSN	33.5531620052232	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	LMOD2	-30.2846947828041	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LMX1A	22.1134332005828	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LMX1B	28.7972759050975	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC101060022	19.4609297150062	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC101060024	22.1349816609035	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC101927245	24.1602864169816	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	LOC101927401	-18.621627880389	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC101928764	19.2191349037786	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	LOC101928841	-16.8844149576587	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC105370687	26.5899124139296	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC105376684	17.0884618534508	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC105377021	22.1265306326259	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOXL2	29.1213126659156	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LRIT3	18.1026035448896	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	LRRC10	-16.4600221642028	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	LRRC49	-21.1933372296219	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LRRN1	25.3593484352355	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MAFB	20.062023638111	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MAFF	-18.1110151215873	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MAN2B1	-18.3263389543901	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MAP1A	-24.1175093342559	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MAP2	-30.9256289563272	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MAP2K7	-15.2138424071246	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MAP4K1	17.1982814726107	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MAPK8IP3	-19.656982572797	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MASP1	29.8207216908771	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MAST1	-16.5847488439247	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MASTL	19.068727375558	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MB	26.1843817581201	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MCF2	21.874888102444	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MCM4	19.6951070497022	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MCM5	15.6111586373765	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MCOLN1	19.7867442345632	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MDGA1	40.7478170475616	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MDM2	-15.6671123251098	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MEFV	18.7263061654194	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MEGF6	16.035179644134	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MET	-24.4125381077606	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	METTL21C	41.9564996461727	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MFAP4	29.0904306921179	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MICALL2	-34.9839774991414	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MKI67	44.2508261026713	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MLLT11	-18.2537538454443	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MMP1	-43.0150105779619	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MMP10	-18.6910144496066	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MOBP	15.2177253298869	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYBL2	31.3416359764812	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MYH14	-34.2892228891431	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYH7	18.2437598194742	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYL2	19.2107364091156	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYL3	33.6795495311742	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYL4	20.6408523865479	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYL7	30.382436081429	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYL9	15.4011921616514	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MYOZ2	-21.3490302897489	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MYPN	-17.2147545276019	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MYRF	-16.8731964070179	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NARF	29.870657509705	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NCF1	18.4045693598612	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	NCLN	-15.3255718459823	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	NEFM	-27.6243159063521	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NEK8	22.4867547234122	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NETO2	18.7497258199187	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NHLH2	34.5606706747393	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NKG7	21.8437938390931	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NKPD1	22.9656607185082	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NOTO	24.4604739127224	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NPBWR1	16.9707122997066	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	NPC1	-21.2535608634982	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NPPA	24.7942109636153	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NPPB	18.5585316525175	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NPTX1	23.8304884345878	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NPTX2	30.2032897231228	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NQO1	18.237995519911	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NR5A1	27.0796485852463	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	NRAP	-52.0398594096104	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NREP	32.2373007774522	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NRGN	15.9084922190977	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NTN1	33.0113968593438	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NTN4	20.8622273231911	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NUSAP1	15.6943243935312	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	NXF1	-16.1287719883124	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	NXPE3	-16.7296922659783	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	OBSCN	-26.0399277610229	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OLFML2A	23.3534432637796	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OLFML3	18.7033263874502	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OLIG1	23.2480074821519	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	OPHN1	-15.2767717843945	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OR2B6	21.0178659112558	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OR2K2	15.2407754705751	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OR6B2	17.6312093471367	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	OSGIN1	-37.2663789606056	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OTOS	23.4380506974985	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OVOL1	38.9958385148996	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OVOL2	17.0959352384982	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PAG1	-17.314904580626	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PATL2	17.6968784293126	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PAX5	22.2289285308681	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PBK	18.45859354056	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PCDH17	32.3315417948951	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PCDH19	37.8924084216768	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PCK2	52.0938440361722	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PDE4C	18.7105444813319	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PDK4	-25.7028101538798	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PFKFB3	-18.4115308844685	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PHGDH	16.927927530438	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PIMREG	29.2595503857475	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PITHD1	-15.5697128153341	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PITPNC1	23.3766395043675	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PLCD1	16.9163410610328	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PLEK	15.7724752023666	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PLEKHG4	-16.1062596145237	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PLSCR2	16.7796681721606	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PLXNA4	19.2537890490808	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PNLDC1	18.3212537359085	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PNMA8A	-21.18992682322	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	POLG2	40.6706100036564	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	POLR2A	24.2880672449649	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	POU3F1	31.5602265971536	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PPEF2	21.0510214179655	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PPP1R14C	15.5121799476964	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PRDM13	16.543930719374	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PRDM14	22.0318964637002	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PRKCD	15.8446068784019	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PRPS2	16.9643344037711	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PRR11	18.5128247902953	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PRSS42	-20.6126904889221	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PSMB11	16.5528317410399	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PSMC4	-18.5648806900581	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PSMD12	-20.9665909935407	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PSMD14	-19.039650095124	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PSMD2	-20.922679723459	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PTN	18.0858269027354	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PTPRN	-34.2885142564018	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PTX4	16.3416876915091	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	QPRT	-18.3924000922415	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	RAB9B	-19.2817307980707	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RARRES3	57.3827892884394	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	RASGRP3	-18.5654790429303	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RASL11A	17.326466893227	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	RBM11	-22.6587421635651	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RECQL	17.9215571119058	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	RELT	-15.6793137695377	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RET	25.0249563024246	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	RETREG1	-16.8849690141034	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RGMB	15.3596761192889	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RGS16	29.1194618499826	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RGS5	25.6263818005462	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RHBDL3	21.7628624472068	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	RPUSD4	-17.0411170667357	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	RRAD	-20.5732341435796	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	RRBP1	-15.2074257526768	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RRM2	32.648144227801	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	RRP12	-20.2254935877861	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	RSAD2	-15.8240821200595	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RTN4RL1	22.5348948077679	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RUNX3	30.8345042160444	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	S100A16	-19.6988150458565	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SCUBE3	24.2046558801244	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SDC1	36.2334777433248	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SEPT4	19.3448828794273	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SERINC5	20.4643975649391	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SERPINA3	52.4674067882275	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SERPINB4	20.9538688284898	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SESN2	-15.1986435173759	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SFRP1	18.3755563725245	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SFRP5	26.452139717018	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SH2D5	-15.44164960934	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SH3RF2	-19.9445478021579	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SH3TC2	-19.2446124697584	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SHE	36.3136513253543	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SHISA2	37.2398764798028	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SHISA6	25.6137934898446	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SIX2	36.3921929102355	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC13A5	17.7249526536511	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC1A5	28.0125121845434	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC25A47	27.1880028034295	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC26A2	22.3130693024969	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC26A8	19.9859916223646	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SLC2A3	-18.1969447713521	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC30A1	16.4204920192122	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC43A2	45.9738139047211	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC4A11	28.3904841250421	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC6A4	19.8705966060148	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SLC7A11	-16.5023270235915	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC8A2	44.0565530618461	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC9A1	17.8876368612128	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC9A5	26.0950198349922	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLFN13	20.6732659944929	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLFN5	30.7150244120185	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLIT3	18.6439092713391	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SMTNL1	16.3214605073886	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SNAI1	28.4825807097688	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SNAP91	16.8451672842846	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SNX10	-18.1919177736987	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SOX21	17.8669210169603	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SPHK1	16.2035130515768	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SPHKAP	-27.6621786095961	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SPON1	19.7796398092441	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SPRED3	37.1931155349975	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SQLE	-16.0672159817594	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SQSTM1	-21.1172802473284	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SRMS	15.2819712401237	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SRPX	21.5257195006904	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SRXN1	-28.0082630264736	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ST8SIA6	23.3084016929404	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SULF1	16.9294319221765	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SULF2	26.3128650375111	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SYDE1	-16.7864304608234	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SYT12	46.2523851800197	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SYT6	15.431461024356	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TAGLN	24.0122473653299	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TANGO2	-16.5630481146232	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TBX21	23.8836991801649	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TCAP	20.3458901385583	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TCF24	22.2572548697058	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TCHH	46.7298116701549	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TDRD10	17.2822400357678	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TEX14	17.2253156911673	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TFAP2C	20.3159432937786	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TFCP2L1	38.1878977841192	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TGFB1I1	-30.8552482500054	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	THBD	22.7899563415442	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TIMP4	-17.0727133215091	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TK1	20.5620573537578	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM129	20.0349747844568	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM132E	23.8626216402017	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM158	18.557302791846	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM176B	19.2818960402981	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TMEM71	-18.9615519140491	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TNFRSF10A	31.0869021763981	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TNFRSF10B	30.3143387518465	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TNFRSF10D	22.0197591656213	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TNFRSF12A	-17.4089293515018	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TNNC1	15.326585747384	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TNNI1	36.5532673077255	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TNNI3	-33.0472447177613	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TNNT2	21.007995541963	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TNS1	-21.6883452687834	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TOP2A	43.6247842997714	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TP53I11	15.357182430854	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TPBG	38.2406601637336	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TPBGL	26.0224453847265	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TPRG1L	17.4557008514966	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TPX2	17.7880177854657	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TRABD2A	21.6212889585733	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TRIM54	-25.7914684131287	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TROAP	18.6289373549095	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TRPM4	-17.0553942674441	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TSPAN11	38.2341295525457	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TSPAN18	16.5639834686648	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TUBA1C	-25.5163738658065	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TUBB3	-22.2002482364326	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TUBB4A	-23.9682915810564	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TXLNB	-18.6489116709287	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TXNIP	16.176305245269	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TXNRD1	-18.4651895176816	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	UBC	-33.3955872420274	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	UBE2C	18.940865744877	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	UBE3B	31.7927123887716	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	UCHL1	-22.2184787572571	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	UFD1	-16.0763969555116	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ULBP1	22.8765633092118	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ULBP2	28.2654603507083	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	UNKL	-20.289359784355	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	UPK2	22.2177438027448	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	USHBP1	27.3315277658784	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	VDR	37.4170647349416	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	VSIG2	17.9833381396311	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	VSTM2L	17.3670036537291	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	VWCE	20.6590968546151	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	WDR74	27.8901766492135	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	WHRN	22.8580426656615	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	WNT1	16.352094877264	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	WNT3A	16.4473701508484	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	XIRP2	-49.6782903325477	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	YPEL1	17.0108677650465	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZACN	16.2224126784618	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZAR1L	18.8687569231947	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZBTB11	22.3962458968185	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZC3HAV1	24.534805479362	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZCCHC12	29.3230938100712	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ZFAND2A	-31.2291207041156	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ZFP36	-15.3921090239836	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZIK1	15.6045820958156	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZNF101	16.4014762489453	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZNF367	39.7943305188057	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZNF423	16.1390385623725	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZNF425	17.5311997465155	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ZNF512B	-19.4921852278178	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZSCAN10	16.9344249460406	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	A2M	25.2348328104594	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ABCA13	-24.7464754698074	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ABCB6	-25.1798505188374	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ABHD15	23.3937554475803	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ABHD4	-17.8020836886894	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ABLIM3	-17.9510407655855	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ACLY	24.2741181185305	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ACOXL	32.3764730575243	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ACSM5	-18.5791848188229	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ACTA1	-17.025990446621	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ACTG1	-19.2612031811403	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ADAM11	21.1384510941256	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ADCY3	25.3755267494866	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ADGRF3	23.5783871213374	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ADGRG1	-32.4307366744586	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ADRA2A	20.3411367006468	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	AKR1B10	-19.0666061164865	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	AKR1C1	-19.4383841744581	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ALDH1A3	24.0011749774808	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	AMER2	20.8804968653274	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	AMIGO3	39.8177936759038	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ANKRD1	-33.9911357839841	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ANKRD33B	23.7455070897255	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ANKRD63	19.4186365987652	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ANLN	25.8948498639187	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ANXA2R	19.2131749320625	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	AP3B2	27.8720489008082	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	AP5Z1	-18.4668992168006	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	APCDD1	28.4309912244704	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	APLN	33.5895358985687	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	AQP3	23.6399652488911	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ARHGEF10L	-17.3849348453457	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ARMC12	19.7059353037029	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ARMC5	20.7816029958303	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ASB11	19.0862484944847	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ASF1B	52.6231222496017	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ASPM	23.782638395597	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ASPN	21.3942615325789	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ASPRV1	28.5858755242041	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ATF3	22.4665345113156	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ATP12A	48.4117742603742	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ATP2B4	-17.5035856697561	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	B3GNT4	18.9793479619874	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	B3GNT5	41.8728734967915	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	BAG3	-18.4876456074231	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	BAIAP2	32.9467802072644	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	BCAM	17.940022112072	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	BCL6	24.5916326663723	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	BIN3	18.5432262289207	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	BIRC3	17.9066546263135	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	BIRC5	37.9911740434334	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	BTBD11	47.8007704361448	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	BUB1	20.0501034607245	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	C17ORF47	16.5971645382366	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	C2CD4A	20.2907506310129	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	C7	25.9673113747864	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	C7ORF43	22.2356067846875	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CA2	33.7967103403397	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CA8	40.5939923048756	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CABLES1	22.1440273743137	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CABP1	32.1508383329127	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CACNA1G	28.2398628699978	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CALB2	22.3741115798394	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CASQ2	34.8707555306426	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CATSPERG	33.1794446516089	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CCDC168	25.5413228588706	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CCDC71L	24.5102561423525	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CCL21	17.4695150273054	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CCM2L	42.9342702315087	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CCNA2	19.2227882856303	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CCNO	24.2123942466641	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CCR7	-29.8591783121658	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CCT2	-17.8073656318775	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CD44	-18.3744594677806	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CDC20	19.7868983931846	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CDC42EP4	25.6483516682751	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CDH3	18.5311183121134	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CDK1	23.9295393390855	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CDK5R1	21.3151557977606	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CDKN1A	-22.3342579058689	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CDO1	16.5537660845268	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CEBPA	28.3506296763246	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CENPF	27.0119573386751	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CEP170B	-25.5276608192703	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CFAP43	22.9208186584917	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CFAP99	19.0291224654212	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CHCHD2	-22.3816255918288	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CHCHD7	23.412762973936	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CHD7	16.8794229106186	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CHST2	46.7766956906066	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CHST8	42.9082028504775	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CKM	28.3827663851612	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CKMT2	-18.7139151330477	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CKS2	44.6685418767916	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CLDN6	26.7596871923852	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CLIC5	20.0880883633967	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CLIP3	-19.8751105498757	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CLU	-23.916476697979	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CNN1	19.4714868441615	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CNR1	28.1287318870674	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	COL5A2	20.7583772721066	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CORIN	37.8122925052277	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	COX6A2	27.6725883633396	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CPA4	-18.3750813050175	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CPNE9	17.0470719899874	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CR2	21.3046311976912	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CREBRF	21.6961123541784	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CRIP2	31.9287473599212	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CRISPLD2	19.4146560826764	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CRTAC1	27.0414715371034	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CRYAB	-39.5943220746507	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CSRNP1	-19.8923070140857	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CSRP3	-18.1507009213452	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CTSC	16.5968817985474	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CTSD	-19.9992465375509	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CTSV	33.297840271618	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CTSW	19.4369234228629	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CUX2	16.5315788279896	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CXCL12	17.0354425402368	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	CXCR4	34.4164775623737	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	CYB5R1	-22.2448053070574	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	DCN	17.1816858766344	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	DDIT4L	24.5998681990748	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	DDX3Y	-32.578613521107	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	DGKE	22.6165519157632	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	DGKG	-19.9525034899161	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	DHRS2	-20.3531641077169	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	DIO3	41.7777034481577	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	DISP3	35.4057631205503	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	DKK2	50.7382881939693	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	DLK1	47.6435322624299	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	DLL4	39.3498121611615	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	DNAAF1	19.2942925827141	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	DNAJB1	-36.4708401592606	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	DNAJC22	17.5935965126689	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	DNM1	-20.8405019271015	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	DPEP2	37.5458529296684	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	DUSP27	-32.1261118134386	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	DYNC1I1	-29.5994743411234	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	E2F1	20.9531543972478	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	EDF1	-17.3147066251462	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	EEF1A2	-21.3226370226638	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	EGR1	39.6146533869254	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	EGR2	28.3022767900658	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	EGR3	39.1522860485935	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	EGR4	46.5631056581444	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	EIF1AY	-57.0944124596943	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ELF4	20.6427424866098	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ELN	22.579054940991	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	EMILIN1	18.3949140010974	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	EN2	31.9332976776575	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	EOMES	43.3474919225168	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	EPB41L2	18.9291777454153	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	EPDR1	-18.139953527212	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	EPHA4	41.2661880646976	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ERO1B	41.9831930704507	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ESAM	25.657128738688	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	EZH2	17.1190271646123	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	FADS3	-16.4596575748056	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FAM111B	16.8443386983344	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FAM131B	24.2683659618581	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	FAM241B	-30.0998286622127	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FAM78A	17.8651634023394	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FAM83D	24.7891634462623	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	FAM83G	-35.7251695459634	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FAM84A	35.7581969906415	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FBXL22	21.3424505250561	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	FBXO2	-39.0762071847258	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FGF12	23.7787240850596	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FGFR3	42.3841873322852	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FHDC1	39.1601879233094	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	FHL2	-24.3885753217876	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FITM1	18.9550861797285	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	FLNB	-20.2110584874363	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	FLNC	-23.9478536310286	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	FNIP2	-22.7490545661227	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FOS	21.8657778422671	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FOSB	30.3599079570117	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	FOSL1	-38.6520782759503	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXA3	18.789709847722	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXC1	37.1444172041654	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXE1	17.4223703254064	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXQ1	24.3126984777974	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FRG2C	34.758000567735	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FRMPD3	17.8059994360158	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FSD2	27.068556698649	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	FTL	-41.3462940427941	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FUT3	41.871106587012	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FXYD1	24.4504209852354	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FXYD6	29.7944093332519	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FZD1	17.5979686997642	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FZD10	16.6620055343168	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FZD7	49.1074427313756	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	FZD8	24.7646612735937	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	G0S2	19.0878942800745	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	GCKR	-30.3450136332361	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	GCLM	-22.3789497183748	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GCM2	31.6737662508605	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	GCNT3	-18.6220602298908	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GDNF	24.4818987494809	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GFI1	18.2212235925619	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GFPT2	28.0173646660511	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GGN	47.2758833453402	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GJB2	18.3679333726889	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GLP1R	18.8533215734695	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	GNB1	-18.6465550989386	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GNG4	34.935023271676	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GOLGA7B	27.0974373390226	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	GOT2	-21.4626418918988	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GPR161	18.1421681363192	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GPR22	21.5919505385986	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GPR83	39.9151915419596	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	GPX3	-25.6832125281145	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GRAP	35.9800314722937	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GSTM3	24.9920139965817	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	GTF2B	41.5778584162565	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	H1F0	18.0824094825489	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	H2AFJ	43.5441917726117	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	H2AFZ	16.7443263484319	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	H6PD	17.7488799748108	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HAS3	39.9388021630918	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HEXIM1	34.024065713756	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIP1R	20.9005159256177	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H1D	23.4738457529974	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H1E	21.8445017209289	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2AE	31.4483717354251	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2AG	41.8197268238886	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2AI	17.7380891892877	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2AM	20.1342792381854	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2BE	22.5343802288507	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2BF	41.9678316972819	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2BG	30.3687421059462	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2BK	30.2119114328817	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H3D	41.6169603263736	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H3H	34.5689221098488	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H3J	22.9462458198811	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H4D	21.7352338346456	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H4E	25.6651610763988	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H4H	43.9831695484488	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST2H2BE	22.9354644477728	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST3H2A	22.7992654515561	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	HKDC1	-26.3903020310313	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HLA-B	17.2926689140212	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	HMOX1	-27.8263223229249	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HOPX	22.8397421357132	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HOXD1	42.3287169283367	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HS3ST2	52.7916143974589	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	HSP90AA1	-27.5143949226874	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	HSP90AB1	-23.1584354751948	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	HSPA1B	-31.7057672269123	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HSPA2	52.2192983568839	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	HSPA8	-33.8389370981115	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	HTATIP2	-19.8129071779148	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	HTRA1	20.0409286385199	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	HTRA3	-16.8165312909297	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ID1	37.2045710115329	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ID2	29.6501406301357	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	IDH2	17.0724426354578	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	IFIT2	21.8773458664149	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	IFRD1	-17.6940914898901	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	IGDCC3	23.3933890188093	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	IGF2	26.3193958046488	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	IGFL2	-19.4701958840611	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	IGFLR1	18.7480118288673	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	IL18BP	19.4265611860277	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	IL6R	-40.0405757853698	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	INAFM2	22.29458211776	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ING1	18.9142613621162	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	INHBB	44.785400625565	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	INSM1	16.9475960427147	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	INSM2	36.3473079013927	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	IRF1	22.4915912871353	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	IRF3	19.6486332124045	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	IRF4	31.6640616763951	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ISM1	27.5290605085787	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ITGAM	40.1717317514182	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ITPKC	-19.4590657649101	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	JSRP1	19.0892527934089	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	KCNA1	49.7845028643082	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	KCNC3	17.2281296049169	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	KCNIP3	24.1669004783098	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	KCNQ1	16.8101834613298	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	KDM4E	59.2273084108118	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	KDM5D	-55.5119058310661	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	KDR	-17.5428057189919	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	KIAA0040	18.4443347714987	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	KIAA0930	-22.6354526108408	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	KIF20A	29.0229751357483	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	KL	42.9373693849065	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	KLF10	36.4955081959686	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	KLF5	17.8115446825749	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	KLHL15	47.2930817116043	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	KLHL29	45.5735524781449	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	KLHL30	-20.0976422101719	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	KLLN	32.7639689157862	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	KRT18	-24.4234180302139	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	L3MBTL3	34.4501732457942	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LDB3	22.6765869096891	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	LDLR	-17.4671480441578	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LEF1	16.6859113316145	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LETM2	48.4055225575915	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LFNG	46.7011984693644	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LGR5	38.0613338107416	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LGSN	31.355968322527	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LIN9	16.7336133297337	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	LMOD2	-27.8516324186233	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LMX1B	18.6741189714941	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LOC100506571	19.5188925362805	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LOC101927245	19.3366151379447	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LOC101928764	16.6367956145595	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LOC105370687	27.4782404210099	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LOC105376684	19.8522809863463	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LOC105378479	19.9827752594724	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LOC107983990	16.6066967126453	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LOC107985939	16.7701997010325	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LOXL2	20.8639355560804	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LRRN1	46.8380264614698	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LRRN4	20.693587072728	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LTB4R	48.8809242605114	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LUM	16.9983480600494	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	LYST	51.7498891003048	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MAFB	16.8912430102714	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	MAFF	-18.6100004176258	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	MAN2B1	-20.7501711762438	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	MAP1A	-25.7759062578197	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	MAP2	-32.3372074611517	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	MAP2K3	-20.2271180299361	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MAP4K1	23.6012891516886	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MASP1	28.5567431317038	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	MAST1	-17.245021952057	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MASTL	19.6164002528344	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MB	31.5594309442236	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MCM4	20.8669575538424	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MCOLN1	18.2087400106545	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MCOLN3	41.4234344603269	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MDGA1	17.0720360885279	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	MDM2	-23.8439750905473	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MEGF6	16.8938470256213	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	MET	-25.0043131511274	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	METTL21C	40.3657321671245	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MFAP3L	31.814572895722	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MFAP4	32.3212151275901	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	MICALL2	-37.4726460282092	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MKI67	39.2579631895259	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MKX	20.6672740471125	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	MLLT11	-20.6245336645083	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	MMP1	-45.7362857826356	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	MMP10	-20.0836482586128	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MORC3	19.9011142337673	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MSS51	21.2521383637062	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MSX1	23.0786367445275	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MTFR2	43.3333237507276	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MXRA5	24.3878317251077	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MYB	24.0633109228338	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MYBL2	26.6972681879543	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MYBPC3	20.3120345240969	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MYCL	40.3611257875889	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	MYH14	-32.3470347396883	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MYH7	17.5019634763608	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MYH7B	17.8039985441863	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MYL2	21.312210184758	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MYL3	37.983248281369	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MYL4	24.8845301133059	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	MYL7	35.9412971847056	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NDNF	23.2995953569587	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NDOR1	17.0460358393856	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	NDUFB10	-18.4091151022508	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	NDUFS5	-19.7377952682393	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NEFH	37.3364756367063	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NEK8	21.7286927919682	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NELL2	18.8713550702549	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NFE2L3	23.459441469609	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NKPD1	41.1781669697252	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NOTCH1	20.4944470231651	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NOXO1	21.1188257796019	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	NPC1	-21.790163106187	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NPPA	18.6509423311415	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NPPB	21.1127309699071	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NPR3	17.1646549142405	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NPTX1	22.2031400753709	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NPTX2	27.7643527691765	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	NQO1	-18.8804538996298	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NR5A1	18.6230644088047	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	NRAP	-24.7684188183098	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NREP	39.5239577680902	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NRIP3	17.2517338940586	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	NSFL1C	-17.1475696974376	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NTN1	17.3354696558556	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NTN4	23.0712910540945	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NUDT17	17.5925824626378	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	NUSAP1	20.5307998463965	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	NXPE3	-16.6074451468312	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	OBSL1	18.5801543324963	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	OLFML2A	23.8784676740998	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	OLFML3	23.1824707804582	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	OLIG2	17.112656872233	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	OR2B6	44.4634057067931	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	OSGIN1	-41.1768335099308	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	OVGP1	21.6225273521357	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	OVOL1	37.1914151568615	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PABPN1	19.5913040007009	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PASD1	25.7827921732709	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PAX5	41.2943530353599	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PCDH10	34.3076497800398	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PCDH17	30.0461899852616	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PCDH19	36.008356117259	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PCDH8	32.9826386464825	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PCDH9	25.1610866163543	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PCP2	53.151020414948	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	PDK4	-39.271103380833	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PGAM2	20.0456933745628	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PHETA1	20.5876034852005	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PIMREG	19.8518923324695	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	PITHD1	-20.1312668352438	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PITPNC1	22.5100317299405	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PMAIP1	35.9780430800268	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PMEL	18.3530110183731	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PNLDC1	44.917475352588	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	PNMA8A	-26.9422957243274	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	POLG2	38.9870463991235	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	POLR2A	21.422258723502	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	POU3F1	29.2192128865982	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PPFIA3	20.837659952551	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PPM1E	16.6505073458548	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PPP1R1A	17.7858675641437	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PPP1R3A	20.4581399589192	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PRPS2	22.4940635977873	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PRR11	18.6119453728974	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PRSS35	18.6705365380367	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	PSMB7	-18.1874202254736	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	PSMC4	-20.5265282138078	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	PSMD12	-23.4110959531818	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	PSMD14	-22.0838614871151	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	PSMD2	-24.9409286769945	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PTCH1	19.686146262082	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PTN	22.8239228485334	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	PTPRN	-38.6988761156658	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	PYROXD2	17.6262861685511	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	QPRT	-19.142862110285	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RARG	26.6187507352274	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	RBM11	-24.2939085196961	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RBM46	16.7631384165776	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RCC1	22.3858549983475	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RCSD1	18.1250550101677	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RECQL4	20.8668141514112	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RFLNB	22.3922596470417	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RGCC	18.1331392877228	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RGS16	26.6023105423353	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RGS2	31.230618951388	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RGS5	27.6589571943795	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RHBDL3	46.7554919855053	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RIMS2	18.6562537371428	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RND1	44.8304867948927	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RNF207	31.8362809253341	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	RPS4Y1	-57.1807948852984	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	RPUSD4	-17.169741641713	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RRM2	26.5259817933322	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	RRP12	-21.9630944374067	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	RSAD2	-17.8981120413388	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RSRP1	21.4787335335169	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RTL5	17.6601955118533	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RTN4RL1	18.0518711762365	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	RUNX3	28.4411188066138	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SALL1	32.6729966475928	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SATB2	21.9604237690134	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SBNO1	18.1900741980344	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SCUBE3	22.7638070632751	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SDC1	34.2297088362458	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SECISBP2	22.8073570589738	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SERINC5	18.088175286581	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SETD1B	51.3474953809246	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SFRP2	39.1460256154075	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SFRP5	26.5463320427712	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SGK1	27.6006138719488	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	SH3TC2	-19.840956249245	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SHE	34.3156681385523	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SHISA2	35.3087342588329	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SHISA6	18.5710931389222	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SIX1	16.7236465649894	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SIX2	34.3998776707636	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SIX4	38.2190667443951	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SIX5	16.8823548251236	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	SLC12A8	-19.2121989968003	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC13A5	26.4124723184574	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC16A6	36.2434249645643	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC25A47	18.7283522894572	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC28A3	19.3443778929923	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	SLC3A2	-22.3904999407209	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC4A11	25.8207261968869	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC5A2	23.1188649492522	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	SLC7A11	-23.2350067675984	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC8A2	19.107606958216	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC9A5	27.8342941882986	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SLFN11	33.9480705754751	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SLFN12	18.7021904506887	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SLFN13	23.8999237256434	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SLFN5	28.3130167518747	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SLIT3	21.7524047812557	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SNAI1	25.9194689244475	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SNAP91	19.2961703766695	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	SNX10	-16.9460223204571	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	SORD	-16.6766825121615	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SPON1	31.3105114490662	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SPRED3	35.2585988141032	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SPSB1	30.4103559884936	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SPTBN2	20.359038218154	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	SQSTM1	-26.8695860414044	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SRGAP3	17.7596737126749	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SRPX	16.4961194306821	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	SRXN1	-31.6730596898576	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	STAT4	-19.3805003426477	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	STC1	27.3492195761507	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	SULT1A1	-18.9985779306138	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SULT1E1	29.8811867096121	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SYNE3	32.0352047104908	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	SYT6	19.6769588819231	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TAC1	46.284121892609	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TACR1	49.7781128480303	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TAF3	17.6971013255389	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TAGLN	24.3524215330805	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	TANGO2	-20.1573710824017	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TAPBPL	26.8738369073149	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TBC1D2	43.7612632237949	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TCAP	37.5917276573552	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TCF24	42.3659492796077	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TCHH	18.3842179721298	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TFCP2L1	36.3251694464322	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TFPI2	40.1256624241809	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	THRB	21.0807460599578	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	TIMP4	-18.3047643431271	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TK1	19.2994402113021	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TLNRD1	17.9865025862034	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TMEM100	19.3560590530016	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TMEM129	21.9296709871411	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TMEM158	41.248312882674	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TMEM176B	19.0118150155138	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TMEM178B	21.2777784796242	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TNFRSF10D	18.990258369013	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TNFSF9	32.9058446935947	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TNNC1	20.3261657534039	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TNNI1	38.4800087742402	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TNNT2	23.960961257003	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TNRC18	17.723226491165	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	TNS1	-23.6153801686406	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TOP2A	46.3324581653797	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TOX3	16.9223063281859	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TPBG	36.3817394190447	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TPBGL	17.5807434748533	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TPM1	18.4159931503366	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	TRIM16	-19.3795336131032	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	TRIM16L	-25.5181490932207	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TRIM49	36.0737029234892	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TRIM49B	23.1142975750558	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TRIM49C	21.1017473885343	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TRIM62	18.0749882598085	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TRIM71	40.2029681943385	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TROAP	16.4553844040123	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TSPAN11	17.2282068807448	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TSPOAP1	20.4696908723785	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	TUBA1C	-27.0967570824966	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	TUBA4A	-18.6560085371258	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	TUBB4A	-21.9881856911878	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	TULP1	17.1147522790844	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	TXNRD1	-24.4198263185251	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	UBC	-37.330704288749	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	UBE2C	17.1524626316445	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	UBE3B	27.1632333010263	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	UCHL1	-27.5299977004175	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	UFD1	-17.0187482047787	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ULBP2	25.6866800916561	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	UNC5A	16.8813135743939	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	UNKL	-22.0588030523235	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	USP9Y	-56.9426581996616	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	UTY	-20.5273265377463	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	VCAM1	27.9957801973098	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	VDR	35.4987092905461	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	VGLL2	25.812803944805	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	VSIG2	16.6127320311434	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	VWCE	39.9661138977719	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	WDR74	25.2843140711934	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	WHRN	19.8890365322733	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	WNK3	29.2346299101986	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	WNT3A	19.349326930678	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ZBTB11	21.2371821744493	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ZBTB21	17.7073059158121	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ZCCHC12	26.820637586898	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ZFAND2A	-34.6476076328376	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ZFY	-17.014304074915	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ZIC2	18.163135270809	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ZIC3	20.4612520011723	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ZNF367	39.6182753010203	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ZNF423	47.199444493064	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ZNF425	17.2216007949901	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Blue	ZNF512B	-17.2289153996742	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ZNF536	18.6722309611667	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ZNF550	18.4567947030713	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ZNF646	18.5092058743173	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ZNF703	25.4961623121984	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ZNF704	17.1976968680544	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Blue	ZSWIM4	16.8367006322228	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	A2M	28.0602628733736	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	ABCA13	-22.3059126557238	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	ABCB6	-20.4210555193319	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ACOXL	31.9971978349282	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ACTA1	23.0162368566684	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ACTA2	27.3201832515794	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ACTC1	31.6537929986664	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ACTG2	26.5699363178874	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ACTL6B	25.8087832777051	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ADAD2	21.9711554611697	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ADAMTS5	56.9987665551937	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	ADGRG1	-29.091275689131	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ADPRHL1	29.9369697892669	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ADRA2A	42.9092216922341	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	AIF1L	26.0851750434101	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ALOXE3	22.9356182810602	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	AMER2	29.6570663063066	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	AMIGO3	42.2027067755126	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ANGPT4	20.762266528473	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	ANKRD1	-36.9506892843542	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ANKRD33B	24.9053374392385	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ANKRD65	22.0860194728726	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ANLN	32.0119275992281	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ANXA2R	50.8315536413845	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	AP3B2	31.4350829219275	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	AP5Z1	-28.257477951908	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	APCDD1	23.4144152462384	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	APLN	36.58869624104	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	APOL2	-30.5694440750627	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	AQP3	27.6203785448719	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ARL6IP1	27.9930891863418	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ARX	20.8813742425595	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ASF1B	53.74514000166	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ASPM	22.5926909383455	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ASPN	23.9896884835741	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ATP12A	49.9491262814361	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	AVPR1A	32.7055214918187	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	AXIN2	27.5484016708499	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	B3GNT5	44.055109193028	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	BAIAP2	36.0093308147718	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	BAK1	-23.3931242880547	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	BAZ1A	21.5803305437444	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	BCL2L11	25.5495265675227	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	BCORL1	24.3276801577128	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	BHLHE22	54.2721385816868	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	BIN2	21.7080436425047	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	BIRC5	37.2831041917178	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	BTBD11	23.2002126185796	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	C2CD4A	42.7198541062892	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	C5ORF38	26.2648478188514	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	C6ORF120	24.8996188243892	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	C6ORF222	23.752308535641	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	C7	35.6523449256794	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	C9	30.4351896014115	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CA2	36.7754385918153	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CA4	20.7115991862884	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CA8	42.9023546442546	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CABLES1	45.5383898375726	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CABP1	35.2918868316885	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CACNA1G	20.8445669756506	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CALB2	49.7011487746689	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CASQ2	36.1348535049463	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CATSPERG	36.2190492766987	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CCDC3	22.1216742299263	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CCDC71L	45.6630882410742	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	CCDC8	-21.5390906878717	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CCL21	20.6682853772635	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CCM2L	22.6619926143628	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CCNG2	52.6071553170459	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CCNO	48.0745123996702	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	CCR7	-26.914387231243	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CD7	23.1312465098446	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CDC20	21.5072107706697	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CDC42EP4	27.3323722016905	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CDK1	22.3757890866757	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CDK5R1	45.3740899606766	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	CDKN1A	-22.2778794001178	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CDO1	21.9549800631294	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CDR2L	24.9094467751955	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CEBPA	31.8664647965062	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CENPF	23.9399983667853	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	CEP170B	-22.0220494874887	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CFAP99	24.2766704942449	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CHRM4	42.0934565359105	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CHST2	48.4753034816204	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CHST8	44.9883316295483	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CIDEC	27.4222575895273	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CITED1	50.6116595953986	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CKM	41.9582239062449	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CKS2	21.6469519729844	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CLP1	24.7296893743955	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CNN1	20.4916425973213	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CNR1	31.6664511536862	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	COL5A2	22.4821249741677	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CORIN	38.4188643128265	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	COX6A2	25.9769519117446	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CPNE9	26.9709441117584	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CR2	21.0444445872415	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CRABP2	23.9161223120696	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CREBRF	44.1865847816385	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CRIP2	36.0308891836918	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CRISPLD1	38.2624752919302	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CRTAC1	30.686419292991	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	CRYAB	-25.9381215693397	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CTNNA3	30.8343751391659	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CXCL3	45.8289028694529	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CXCR4	37.3340827324099	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CYP1B1	20.485461129949	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CYP26B1	27.6969711786847	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	CYP7A1	22.3015330110625	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	DDIT3	-20.9502124050797	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	DDIT4L	47.8844069077521	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	DEPP1	33.4278168494498	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	DHDH	47.6553073679055	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	DIO3	43.9693250661186	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	DISP3	38.2258023342244	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	DKK2	52.0461932620821	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	DLL4	41.7808788345975	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	DLX1	31.8865698904744	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	DLX2	45.6032716807305	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	DMRTC2	21.0540615599942	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	DNAJB1	-33.6346569910008	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	DOK2	23.9113397275906	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	DPEP2	40.1548308302559	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	DUSP27	-35.2695989069154	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	DUSP4	35.0940729526482	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	DYNC1I1	-26.4710955303412	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	EGR1	42.019600718719	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	EGR2	31.8228805996838	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	EGR3	41.6028332692989	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	EGR4	48.2827782626638	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ELN	22.5149023894875	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	EMX1	20.9055129591415	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	EN2	35.0958006107998	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	EOMES	45.3842968522924	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	EPHA4	43.5082566816757	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ESR1	28.0036469187674	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ESX1	22.3930115275904	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	EXD1	20.1203657778588	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	EXPH5	53.6891665227951	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	EZH2	25.1158837500794	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FABP3	20.867471976936	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FAM117A	33.1603541058257	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FAM177B	20.7128727986233	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FAM19A3	29.3064644601146	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	FAM241B	-22.8545155894241	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FAM71A	22.0156918303502	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FAM83A	23.8160779845082	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FAM83D	37.1348659803242	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	FAM83G	-31.4694558319399	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FAM84A	38.5434782445886	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FAT4	28.3070543325209	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FBXL22	24.7303774350905	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	FBXO2	-35.8518717555379	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FGF12	40.2607487878883	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FGF19	34.1509638296879	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FHDC1	41.6099558402461	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FJX1	21.888693400998	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FNDC7	24.9407740644663	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	FNIP2	-31.1949605273644	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOS	26.0211661893457	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOSB	33.677582742766	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	FOSL1	-21.2255345622928	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXA3	30.3702488896844	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXB2	21.3792309186962	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXC1	39.7929857569691	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXD1	22.1571991155221	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXD2	30.561291567318	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXD3	36.6781932857401	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXE1	48.5870794093304	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXE3	21.8569605333514	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXF1	25.9105851355622	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXF2	29.4563790062147	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXG1	21.2267428036768	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXL2	50.9190599983009	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXQ1	46.5941130322882	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FREM1	23.0601750796464	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FSCN3	20.8279601517393	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FST	53.6159304282262	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	FTL	-36.5029519773303	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FUT3	24.6059558988302	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FXYD1	25.2562649677522	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FXYD6	33.4552578186434	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FZD10	20.6303787311824	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FZD7	50.576186089223	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	FZD8	24.8827998665633	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	G0S2	22.7712896355239	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	GABARAPL1	-25.3547292056434	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GADD45B	20.9955532608362	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GAS1	57.5746520505035	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GATA3	47.1409430078768	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GBX2	31.272037762715	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	GCKR	-31.1336776597235	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	GCLM	-20.0411556786977	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GCM2	26.4063094709856	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GCNT4	42.4182939322924	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GDNF	28.3792783384605	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GFI1	51.0106770059265	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GJB2	41.7783196172348	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GJB6	21.2020537390658	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GLP1R	27.7992511878882	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GNG4	37.8014880933798	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GPR150	31.2532338982325	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GPR161	27.0824327957849	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GPR83	42.2904990066018	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	GTF2B	43.7891892794403	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HAS3	42.3117810858766	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HAUS8	20.0359567442486	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HCAR1	22.9182973922214	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HCK	20.9484565860267	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HEXIM1	36.9803715774208	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H1B	21.2859444141946	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H1D	45.6675791696972	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H1E	44.2933314257602	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2AB	20.9937178029922	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2AE	34.6586993466166	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2AL	24.7044996099345	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2AM	20.7048246829148	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2BE	22.0249665930945	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2BG	33.6855456445847	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2BK	33.5441820269906	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2BM	25.4520078793408	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2BO	21.5618363594326	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H3H	37.4714927957123	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H3J	26.7134354348615	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST2H2BE	22.9074218336512	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HK2	28.4512398806288	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	HKDC1	-22.0093788912527	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	HMOX1	-20.2918157783864	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HMX3	25.0417896983681	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HOPX	25.4306062069987	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HOXD1	44.4659961405913	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HOXD13	20.5418923521471	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HOXD3	22.7006070673924	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HS3ST2	24.0955544538675	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HS6ST2	20.0048445776711	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HSD17B6	53.6226101082885	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	HSP90AA1	-23.5178838220076	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	HSP90AB1	-22.8650777395673	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	HSPA1B	-29.6506390986571	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HSPA6	25.4932936683053	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	HSPA8	-31.6583766684319	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	HSPH1	-24.0991054066121	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HTR1B	22.7730073326288	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	HTRA1	26.6292650734327	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ID1	39.8472070368717	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ID2	33.0378145455335	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	IDH2	23.777783292814	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	IER5	23.616719551422	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	IER5L	20.1324499896085	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	IGFBP4	22.753592018522	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	IGFBP5	27.9363598392231	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	IGFLR1	20.144569324252	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	IGSF22	21.4771825289479	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	IKZF1	28.6303887132736	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	IL6R	-39.503901426455	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ING1	50.365641334217	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	INHBB	46.6803951987507	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	INSM1	45.7299375840007	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	INSM2	39.0744894803414	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	IRF4	34.8531173755544	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	IRS4	27.155856329309	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	IRX5	32.6197230081118	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ISM1	52.3608559536886	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ITGA6	29.6939823557379	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ITGAM	42.5217385425855	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ITGB2	21.4119591901983	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ITGB7	29.0864466384236	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ITPKB	21.5435932579286	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	KCNA1	51.1864727624218	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	KCNQ1	22.5770137469788	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	KDM4D	20.051927981752	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	KIAA0930	-20.5862309435765	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	KIF20A	29.952165847449	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	KL	45.0146216832672	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	KLF10	39.208073870183	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	KLF4	43.3033494239403	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	KLF5	45.2317833808205	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	KLF9	20.6303468780124	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	KLHL13	21.7219112713761	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	KLHL14	21.0473142618884	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	KLHL29	22.610370128007	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	KLLN	35.8445488560166	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	L3MBTL3	37.3644552584761	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LBX1	22.1570303140631	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LCK	21.9850780232504	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LCT	20.6834257823396	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LDB3	35.2981847391946	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	LDLR	-20.7942758872036	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LEF1	44.6021115467336	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LEFTY2	24.8608413135882	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LETM2	24.7832833197223	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LGALS1	19.9554017760127	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LGR5	40.6194736244564	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LGSN	34.5754090025145	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	LMOD2	-31.4166799671749	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LMX1B	31.154644003632	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC100128988	21.7193174523821	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC101928093	24.9377684073592	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC105370687	21.1508502627311	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC105378479	19.9523465464744	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC107983990	20.3662093224858	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC107986554	23.8451684274962	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC107987099	21.5746428881639	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LONRF3	37.7941682236749	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LOXL2	22.1042966361489	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LRRN1	48.530585649768	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LRRN4	21.6446390954257	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LTB4R	29.2042875234917	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	LYPD4	25.9428561113441	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MAF	49.3716687834043	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MAFB	21.5372331298385	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	MAP1A	-23.3058657358248	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	MAP2	-30.7445116205642	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	MAP2K3	-20.6180619278577	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MARCKS	20.4684710663101	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MASP1	32.1147877223841	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MB	34.2176649495653	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MC5R	19.9548671810696	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MDGA1	41.528504822354	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	MDM2	-21.2430586609629	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MEGF6	20.6930629961205	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	MET	-23.2397145626893	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	METTL21C	42.696606124565	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MEX3B	55.0120449337034	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MFAP3L	34.9887847806402	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MFAP4	30.2578225931613	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MFSD2A	48.1937297376866	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	MICALL2	-37.0158540321637	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MILR1	28.1635550514818	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MKI67	33.9539062139156	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MKX	49.4591244521436	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	MMP1	-42.0178683941287	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MN1	30.3832119891999	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MR1	27.3981168056208	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MSX1	47.2121257481709	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MSX2	28.5261215764279	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MT1G	25.3218665592667	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MTF1	45.4125757095298	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MTFR2	45.3715259830503	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYB	46.7674130882953	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYBL2	22.3611653467227	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYBPC3	22.3890177133321	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYC	47.2232477815511	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYCL	42.6924540383535	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYCN	27.1648956282016	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	MYH14	-31.0097358635029	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYH6	21.3557140779704	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYH7	40.4405038269461	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYL2	31.6895896015325	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYL3	42.7756064711992	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYL4	29.3185057533529	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYL7	41.1510398442805	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYLK	22.3912706680272	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYLK3	19.9698685395693	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	MYO18B	-23.0183740001074	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	MYOM1	28.43545448308	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NCAN	22.0590245393665	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NDNF	53.3940123098583	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	NDUFA8	-25.1019106169277	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NEFH	39.9661028792954	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NEUROG2	53.7666791075424	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NHLH2	35.5490907533755	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NIPSNAP2	23.3736276363144	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NKPD1	43.428916459723	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NKX2-3	20.5972476886124	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NKX3-1	29.1467018750171	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NKX3-2	55.4805438261992	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NKX6-1	37.2150988653975	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NLRP3	22.2027741724696	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NOTCH1	24.7850783442747	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	NPC1	-24.3888412811812	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NPPA	31.049767239041	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NPPB	27.3900362747891	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NPPC	45.7782373633673	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NPTX2	31.3380080674313	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NPY1R	21.0144727071611	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NR0B1	27.8056950272484	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NR3C2	26.1245391024659	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NR4A2	24.1788066873916	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NR5A1	32.3781606313076	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NREP	42.4748834542169	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NRG1	28.6472580303256	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	NSRP1	-20.9810138218147	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NSUN6	23.4260571627626	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NUP210L	21.2346185507496	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NUSAP1	31.5579633593055	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NWD1	20.3757205817782	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	NWD2	52.6794321226933	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	OASL	30.4299737512274	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	OAT	23.3261498247383	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	OLFML2A	25.4849465212639	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	OLIG1	20.0287918930723	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	OLIG2	38.0846765621207	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	OR2B2	21.7045960002593	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	OR2B6	25.0704393553998	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	OSGIN1	-37.3773111758936	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	OSM	20.304312299154	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	OSR2	33.1561926951823	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	OTOS	23.7281650079759	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	OTX1	27.2236419164172	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	OVOL1	39.8353486473578	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PAX5	43.5336439484928	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PCDH10	37.2359878335942	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PCDH17	33.3948044665248	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PCDH19	38.7689660169856	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PCDH8	36.0416527999425	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PCK2	20.2927791979018	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	PDK4	-34.114307126119	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PEG10	27.5828414109147	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PGC	26.3232858509228	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PIMREG	21.3692552403287	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	PITHD1	-21.3907083966139	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PITX1	20.051513911386	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PITX3	25.1367627124056	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PKD1L3	22.3925046593209	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	PLAA	-20.6713268643828	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PLEK	49.7283157669127	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PNLDC1	46.7994443671302	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	POLG2	41.4538899907768	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	POLR2A	25.6213880982641	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	POU3F1	32.6493860349762	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	POU3F3	20.0517377388306	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PPEF2	23.0795878397468	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PPP1R14C	20.8531729622481	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PPP1R1A	26.3646227507277	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PRAG1	49.3974069432625	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PRDM12	20.9636997065319	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PRDM13	28.0539159709957	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PRDM14	20.9955597617403	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PRKCG	20.3311874222417	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PRODH2	20.1975994390656	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PRSS35	31.6369106603104	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	PSMC4	-20.2239085807197	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	PSMD12	-23.8877680854836	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	PSMD14	-23.8918628875033	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	PSMD2	-19.9744660092999	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PTCH1	52.2850631365802	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PTF1A	37.911201574551	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PTGER2	20.3892555125389	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PTHLH	45.258571084303	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	PTN	24.5342895488369	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	PTPRN	-33.5096692246976	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	RABGGTB	-21.5900733355935	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RAET1L	22.1858917653226	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RARG	47.9937038201723	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RASGEF1B	30.5628638372797	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RASL11A	29.3002036705061	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	RBM11	-21.8979790543362	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RCC1	47.8556815213222	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RCSD1	24.1526948655935	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RGCC	46.3088496692606	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RGMB	29.4477012160804	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RGS16	30.2905695161995	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RGS2	34.4624219176472	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RGS5	27.8069662937814	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RHCE	53.8246361355854	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RND1	23.9667276010915	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RNF207	31.3884603086303	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RORB	22.3701407798683	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RRM2	23.3342018747577	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	RRP12	-22.2922165609758	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RSPH6A	23.7368226644934	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RSPO2	26.4812429856914	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RTN4RL1	20.0267860104452	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	RUNX3	31.9480296496096	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	S100P	20.6641693918694	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SALL1	35.7625485133459	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SASH3	20.5371055066471	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SATB2	52.1511853456147	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SAXO1	21.1964453696036	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SCIN	26.2552358044346	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SCUBE3	30.4086766266017	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SDC1	37.1657336316693	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SERPINE2	22.5731310260969	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SFRP1	20.4247452411574	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SFRP2	61.666172664794	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SFRP5	37.9463110803996	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SGK1	31.1904175329986	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	SH3RF2	-23.095144545718	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SHISA2	38.1383427152905	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SIX1	30.8507320164955	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SIX2	37.3191199659826	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SIX4	40.7616505193156	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC10A1	31.3097996062927	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC16A6	38.9808517532987	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC1A5	29.2207854826019	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC25A47	51.4268254145411	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC26A8	21.398124596114	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC28A3	20.677532536588	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC30A1	27.7825147175445	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	SLC3A2	-23.1814956604225	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC43A2	23.7234088666249	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC4A1	24.8728743604362	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC4A11	29.5860670845734	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC5A1	31.1149980089792	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLFN11	55.2032143309616	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLFN12	38.1955127181376	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLFN12L	22.987028393676	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLFN13	21.0346294500531	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLFN5	31.8325613580738	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SLIT3	24.2911431375338	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SMYD1	24.6468871019079	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SNAI1	29.6750715433717	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SNAP91	21.091220213039	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SOWAHA	51.3706209613951	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SOWAHC	21.5975177718767	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SOX11	26.8694497379847	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SOX18	22.833958038263	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SOX2	54.4001607614338	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SOX21	33.3319495458601	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SOX3	49.5557109400192	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SOX4	42.209226283813	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SOX9	43.5916991808783	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SP5	25.7340249687126	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SPON1	25.6857659372746	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SPSB1	33.7230554560522	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	SQSTM1	-27.1360443447812	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SRPX	25.4474889673609	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	SRXN1	-28.9328419322819	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SSTR2	30.1972692689109	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ST8SIA6	26.3336706482035	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	STPG4	24.1251474787005	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	SULT1E1	32.0546736170906	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TAC1	48.0313086134209	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TACR1	51.1807129464378	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TAF3	26.2415860968803	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TAGLN	27.5314465448934	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	TANGO2	-20.2471128340015	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TBC1D2	45.7572609342687	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TCAP	41.4214572169857	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TCF24	44.499556538977	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TCHH	47.3096550734628	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TEDDM1	21.4515526542858	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TFCP2L1	39.0545343783196	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TGFBR3	20.2669156189625	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TGIF1	23.6470669168472	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TGM2	25.3294491935879	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	THRB	54.3874528442718	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TLCD1	26.8404637577113	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TLE3	38.0686677364636	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TLE4	20.0593811399261	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TMCC2	26.6312809951613	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TMEFF2	34.3794790932571	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TMEM158	43.492144397346	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TMEM200B	24.9467141400551	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TNFAIP3	21.5242105072938	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TNFRSF10D	23.4292380463463	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TNFSF14	20.8768669929716	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TNFSF9	35.9724324696496	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TNNC1	30.0760648574414	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TNNI1	43.1887682344439	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TNNT2	28.7688554476267	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TOP2A	42.7210249227804	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TPBG	39.1055252707225	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TPBGL	20.9223805776233	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TPM1	30.8299206593996	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TRABD2A	26.1560097899166	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TRIB2	20.8194224442346	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	TRIM16	-24.2442583307445	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TRIM71	42.549894364949	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TSGA10IP	23.2124416460267	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TSPAN11	39.0992139236068	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TSPOAP1	20.6226140585899	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	TSPYL5	-52.5765020523818	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	TUBA1C	-26.2766923268714	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	TUBA4A	-21.4141985393894	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	TUBB4A	-21.4355621385993	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	TULP2	22.7639975821052	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	TXNRD1	-21.6281640049309	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	UBC	-36.1287465828019	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	UCHL1	-21.3597380695406	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	UCP1	26.9481433451668	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ULBP2	29.4652409605153	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	UNC45B	21.4697393736972	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	UNKL	-20.9268488815547	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	USP49	20.4886595682138	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	VCAM1	24.498908552376	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	VDR	38.3095819072848	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	VGLL2	51.5770386636043	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	VGLL3	31.6509652328081	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	VSTM2B	20.1312319366299	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	VSX2	21.0054208276687	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	WHRN	24.2393763317362	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	WNT1	55.7684555359235	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	WNT3A	21.6043539623084	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	WNT8A	20.4759474635268	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	XIRP1	-23.5648966752451	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ZAN	20.5880852267584	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ZBTB7C	31.3929970182303	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ZCCHC12	30.4873645706039	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	Pink	ZFAND2A	-32.6688812547613	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ZIC2	50.9565651041373	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ZIC3	32.1455127936731	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ZNF423	20.4516817622086	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ZNF425	26.7011244409037	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ZNF646	27.818725202362	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ZNF703	47.4904495249846	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ZNF804A	24.1464158709407	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	Pink	ZSCAN10	22.9099826997123	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	regular response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	A2M	37.9876671259525	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ABCA12	51.1076481858353	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ABCA13	-25.2315586450643	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ABCA8	-39.1566278674441	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ABCC3	48.239235546856	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ABHD15	20.6433544655318	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ACER2	40.1157706741213	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ACHE	48.4579912035532	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ACOX2	-20.2536443507868	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ACSF3	-18.6841970519615	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ACTC1	-23.2284726381084	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAM15	-19.0570271927039	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS1	-20.9873971243373	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS10	-21.5735124616514	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS12	-18.0404214221071	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS14	-46.5732221826691	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS15	17.4940064431511	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS17	45.222807901743	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS7	51.4067488068823	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTSL5	-50.6412713548227	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADGRG1	-33.0664475958446	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADPRHL1	-23.0875150498926	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADSSL1	-25.4661709370766	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	AEBP1	-29.8218489307469	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	AEN	30.6856130402344	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	AFMID	-23.2225897788812	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	AGRN	30.4918394725654	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ALDH2	-17.7074561972556	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ALDOC	-29.3108288487819	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ALOXE3	-17.9644796503417	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ANK1	54.7946401649326	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ANKRD1	-33.4028986769455	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ANKRD45	58.6363238737204	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ANXA4	30.765247289616	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	AP3B2	27.1638647694517	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	APCDD1	21.787649524814	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	APLP1	47.1533253063905	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	APOBEC2	49.5896120856985	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	AQP3	22.8488233412517	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ARHGAP33	-26.0269232821704	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ARHGEF25	-17.550141824045	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ASPG	-43.922552253836	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ASTN1	-18.4937801015263	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ASTN2	24.4805293093516	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ATF3	-21.1932128862739	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ATP1A2	-25.8172529345771	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ATP1A3	-51.5472853497701	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ATP1B4	-24.1629847420772	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	B3GNT5	-20.1766710471971	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	B4GALNT1	-21.2068768036256	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	BAG3	-20.0541594227592	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	BBC3	22.6608929672362	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	BCO2	-45.7085567902673	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	BIK	36.8063762763388	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	BIRC5	22.1251307058363	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	BRSK1	-27.3329930854636	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	BTBD19	46.6825154531828	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	C12ORF45	19.727918095164	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	C17ORF82	18.5375475331645	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	C7	31.099200179367	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	C9ORF106	53.9893278577332	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CACNA1G	21.724243502758	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CARNS1	54.8623672840424	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CATSPERG	32.5752966843637	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CCDC3	53.068997550328	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCDC63	-17.5080951361479	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCL21	-19.6029215089826	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCR7	-23.6641316002158	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CD44	-19.7169162254699	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CD9	23.7470506267445	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDK18	-48.5442412243272	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CDKN1A	38.83017726701	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CEBPA	27.6518267387664	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CEBPB	24.8440806998248	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CEMIP2	22.1810471168045	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CEP85L	23.7996852366207	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CES2	23.7682541846054	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CES3	46.2521939488625	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CHRD	23.6837883422365	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CHRM4	39.2201918542437	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CLCNKA	52.6501715295862	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CLIC5	21.3731537515903	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CLIP3	-28.9101007697056	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CLU	-23.7296949221095	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CMTM5	-23.3975514271733	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CNN2	-23.3095080920903	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	COL21A1	-23.7899556732166	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	COL27A1	50.9277107517377	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	COL6A2	-18.2528025304855	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CPAMD8	-17.93713104901	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CPE	50.0884366118359	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CPNE5	23.43435973955	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CRIP2	-23.9204618722069	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CRTAC1	26.3170063355247	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CRYAB	-34.2154070658853	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CSF1	48.3078046760703	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CSPG5	-21.4331461716845	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CSRNP1	-22.3648268683787	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CSTA	24.1068957069689	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CTNNA3	-27.3635257732001	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CTNS	20.5431942150363	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CTSD	-17.8790679266371	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CTSV	19.2846585788991	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CXCL12	18.1406658689456	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CXCL3	-20.5544202548875	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CYB5R1	-24.1095336050584	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CYGB	54.3202980393631	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CYP2J2	-30.5929922653047	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DAB1	-19.8804829501532	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DCHS1	-22.9817097634003	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DDB2	45.7176921678321	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DENND2D	28.2318925748227	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DENND6B	21.3358767373669	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DHX37	-19.9984999613407	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DIRAS1	-18.8278047209337	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DISP3	34.8452556965154	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DLX2	-20.8096452554637	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DMAC1	21.7615568084247	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DNAH17	-21.3814975631611	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DNAJB1	-43.1783776891669	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DNM1	-21.4479171267589	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DOCK8	18.1308073913169	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DPEP3	33.2841816021536	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DPY19L2	19.0369560876705	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DPYSL3	-19.3503293067285	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DRAM1	24.018297103528	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DRP2	-29.6090950795596	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DUSP2	22.7228769507038	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DUSP26	-17.8394202199216	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DUSP27	-31.501316298288	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DUSP4	31.3027683403016	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DUSP6	17.9359407484395	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DYNC1I1	-30.9492812663124	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	EAF1	-23.0365556589251	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	EDA2R	30.5263415905755	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	EDEM1	22.4825271126608	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	EDN2	25.0291815600178	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	EEF1A2	-42.4366232726198	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	EFNB3	-21.0717124633901	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	EGR2	27.6025260338323	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	EGR4	-17.7786942916819	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	EI24	35.9875679233984	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ELL3	20.5946215828725	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	EMP3	-31.8760538027173	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	EN2	31.3047225982887	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ENDOD1	51.299886972837	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ENO2	-28.7917059252972	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ENO3	18.9462048381055	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	EPB41L4B	52.0903389001016	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	EPHX1	48.6875075199938	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ERV3-1	33.0711442107104	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ESPN	28.4697854751626	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ETNPPL	48.9108553235368	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	F11R	18.9346395181589	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAM198B	26.3562709695633	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FAM241B	-25.1666157717659	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAM43A	19.7583583902251	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FAM69B	-20.990649871836	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAM84A	35.2045980146791	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAS	40.6009335601067	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FBXO22	18.5161145544566	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FBXO32	18.1193365292206	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FDXR	35.1986367978651	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FGF11	-33.4201939829305	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FGF18	-34.2829613380143	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FHDC1	-20.2754197170522	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FHL2	-23.6121077523838	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FILIP1L	-18.4276781701047	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FKBP10	-17.5304405467713	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FLNC	-19.5483539538657	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FOSL1	17.5156689541878	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FOXQ1	-19.6888450418317	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FREM1	-28.9554738601536	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FSTL3	-47.2255351795756	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FTL	-34.3527256520931	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FUCA1	21.215928581628	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GABRA4	-36.1140236962505	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GADD45B	-27.1872283502408	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GALNT5	50.766283661024	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GALR2	20.7824929326611	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GCKR	-35.7690066585456	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GCLM	-17.8556080656553	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GCNT3	-18.9870919337858	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GDF15	43.5792877809697	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GDNF	23.7072605163271	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GFPT2	-26.4793394491731	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GGN	26.4793054025232	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GIT2	22.3667537705892	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GJA5	21.3745353828595	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GLS2	49.385307297437	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GNG7	-17.7157629987535	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GPNMB	40.298118633019	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GPR173	-24.6613936641491	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GPR83	-24.5569215626534	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GPR87	30.797859820046	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GPSM1	-51.2114568061401	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GPX1	34.4855011571783	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GPX8	-46.9365037979245	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GRIN2C	44.7706367190839	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GSTM2	-21.6989712589033	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GYG2	-20.1848663683298	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	H1F0	37.6003585862467	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	H2AFJ	43.1432147357202	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	H6PD	19.9924703424351	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HAP1	32.180074094841	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HAPLN3	34.2244030736646	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HAS3	-17.836081744349	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HERC4	27.8497602420574	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HERC5	22.1642233333397	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HES6	26.5339135875495	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HIF3A	-35.3413822686225	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H1C	48.8063393269282	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2AC	28.1188922750156	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2AE	30.8102910835914	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2AG	41.3849466325249	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2AH	22.4791746179203	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2AI	18.5372357020596	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2BC	18.9034492107276	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2BD	28.5679080089729	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2BE	21.2685334903712	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2BF	41.5359546741835	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2BG	29.7094984335681	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2BJ	49.274739543202	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H3D	41.1782054834857	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H3H	33.9920108348833	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H4D	29.2302815753969	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H4H	43.590797402934	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H4I	24.9395122050699	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST2H2BE	40.2795630893909	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST3H2A	51.1103837927074	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HKDC1	-26.9076076780847	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HMGCS1	-21.259531663363	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HOXD1	-22.0960859821671	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HRC	-56.4617060515022	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HRK	-21.9594942998683	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSP90AA1	-27.3413149591951	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSP90AB1	-20.9253781479977	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSPA1B	-30.6020862048159	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSPA6	-43.1979441831365	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSPA8	-33.7414266493032	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HSPB3	26.1976668334414	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSPH1	-19.2208004316092	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HTATIP2	20.0724635654907	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HTRA1	17.7421071739077	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ICAM1	23.2462479220769	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ICAM4	35.8556335696142	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	IDH2	19.602162493234	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	IFI30	47.1704649662801	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	IGFL2	19.4084689580096	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	IKBIP	34.159805651671	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	IL1RL2	18.2120922711341	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	IL31RA	-27.3863154110656	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	IL4R	33.5526939798802	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	INAFM2	19.8906248150988	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	INF2	-26.2060281059375	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	INHBA	-18.6055043067405	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	INHBB	-19.5912460968018	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	INPP1	26.411456357705	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	INPP5D	28.6150567956096	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	INSM1	-20.6663658382067	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	INSM2	-28.1947432567186	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	INSYN2	28.9805005332882	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ISG20	26.3130632098005	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ISYNA1	35.1989119550956	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ITM2A	31.8172663426022	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	JAK2	-39.2339773638898	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KCNA7	25.7228873408807	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KCNJ5	39.9063577444924	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	KCNN2	-18.705320359755	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	KCNT1	-22.6345628790884	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KCTD12	31.6762246628638	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIAA0930	-20.3515493886433	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF1A	-60.8850910230435	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF7	-24.3698908225302	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KLF10	35.9563620765787	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	KLHL13	-24.8462659040159	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KLHL29	45.2123551963943	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KLLN	32.1516767467764	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KRT19	26.0058612374315	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KRTAP19-1	27.8423394110707	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KSR1	19.2757280792025	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LACC1	38.3420963274971	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LDHD	-24.2782062732061	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LEF1	-19.4420302607245	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LFNG	46.3621054302424	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LGALS3	23.8572046232278	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LGALS3BP	-45.0950421775868	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LGR5	-18.7832896043928	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LGSN	30.7160763686763	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LIF	47.4443546099959	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LIMD2	20.0724388854053	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LIPE	-18.5563993211181	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LITAF	42.8623657879176	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LMOD2	-27.1430480811034	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LOC101927789	20.7872618563339	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LOC101928841	-39.0463471150027	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LOC107987044	-31.2524400297046	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LONRF3	34.3570084079314	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LOXL4	26.908558316811	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LPIN3	-20.6322896546734	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LRRC15	-18.5418440336021	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LRRC4B	-34.9822076585601	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LRRC56	19.7423893497914	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LRRC8E	-18.357208966662	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LSMEM1	-17.5156368221413	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LSR	32.7935282298331	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAF	47.4530152310876	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAFA	22.1339591403052	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAFF	-20.4279312763139	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAGEF1	20.9018573424067	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAN2B1	-20.5194757070697	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAP1A	-26.8218696771839	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAP2	-27.3786676701128	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAP2K3	40.3595955920105	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAP3K6	23.8857133242051	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAPK13	51.8549400749509	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAST1	-20.0836238364965	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MB	21.7715529354833	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MCAM	-43.7421024005142	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MCM4	18.2862827633896	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MCOLN3	40.9808861018043	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MCRIP1	19.493611777345	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MDGA1	38.5811410109878	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MDM2	18.4665418606757	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MELTF	50.5098037930152	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MET	-25.351504069534	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MGAT4C	-36.5333404912452	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MICAL1	17.9546341635067	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MICALL2	21.7303156506254	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MKI67	28.3485885192122	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MLLT11	-21.4593062119005	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MMP1	-34.5004920599401	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MMP10	-20.4773301742421	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MPP3	-19.397695735519	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MTF1	-18.1698036516048	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MTFR2	-19.3007108830658	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MUC19	49.5273913928756	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYADM	-18.4507579138799	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MYBL2	21.5059198891559	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYH14	-36.5680892352654	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYH15	-25.3044720005469	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MYH7B	18.5152989172974	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYL2	-28.2620264416484	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYL4	-30.7015078322738	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYL6B	-36.1727753306165	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MYLK3	23.4738969110085	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYOM1	-21.8765919107645	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NADSYN1	44.7726759656845	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NAP1L3	-20.8706902011115	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NAT8L	21.3874794534841	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NCR3LG1	21.1329611979561	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NEFL	39.6789253215824	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NEFM	-25.2606839250911	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NEK8	40.7288598050933	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NELL2	20.9615195724092	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NETO2	44.5621034721943	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NEURL1	28.1062132620985	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NHLH2	31.8174663264716	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NME4	-49.1934982071365	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NOCT	45.2189549644361	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NOV	23.16388164276	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NPAS4	-27.0263231763251	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NPC1	-17.8956025144124	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NPPB	-36.233062306886	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NPPC	-20.6117310543965	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NPTX2	27.0540575662232	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NQO1	44.7964814550912	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NR4A3	-30.1064768687748	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NRAP	-50.9253941542727	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NRTN	-17.5053731014586	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NT5DC3	49.0035456733417	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NTN1	62.1475816238115	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NXF1	-33.2504866241327	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	OBSCN	-49.3279831075335	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	OBSL1	18.183733695815	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ODC1	26.6866582597261	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	OLFM2	24.7190037758242	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	OLFML3	-38.3924583222255	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	OPLAH	-32.8989008414166	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	OR1J2	57.7459216502589	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	OSGIN1	-33.5821850581938	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	OTUD1	-26.6130740809041	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	P2RX1	17.5074425504861	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PAQR6	35.7139155312374	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PCNA	35.8835882133131	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PCYOX1L	19.7963905634777	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PCYT1B	-19.6662867665883	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PDE2A	17.7999974993282	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PDE4C	42.5380393415221	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PDK4	19.2126060687792	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PDPN	-18.6049770454311	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PFKFB3	-20.2083408411334	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PGAM2	31.1918493628565	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PGF	23.6571325505847	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PGPEP1	28.5978847728346	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PHYH	20.900439232517	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PIDD1	24.4808468971252	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PITPNM1	-20.9807865767316	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLEKHF1	18.0977941868591	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLIN2	34.3371056339457	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLK3	37.0924682413928	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLN	22.1031287578207	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLPP7	22.9043485669751	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PMAIP1	35.4287535516559	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PMP22	-19.86718917934	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PNLDC1	-19.4565824262331	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	POLH	22.2971048763025	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	POLR2A	20.587645084931	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	POU3F1	28.5374360141105	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PPM1J	19.9868654100001	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PPP1R14C	19.6196081180502	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PPP1R1C	-23.1757513265504	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PRCD	22.6736766432126	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PRICKLE2	18.5018033491899	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PRKCZ	-22.7486449008556	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PRKX	53.4107082746509	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PRR36	-18.2115787367909	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PRSS35	-18.5996724033241	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PSMC4	-21.2116511282738	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PSMD12	-21.1353348394463	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PSMD14	-19.1162617185391	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PSMD2	-21.3009093844756	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PTGER3	-18.7968890725528	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PTHLH	-21.1995568205264	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PTP4A1	42.7743250945549	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PTPRN	-39.457455806255	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PXDN	-18.1563127272645	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PYGM	-42.6980854139117	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PYROXD2	19.3571093197496	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RAB11FIP4	23.4662740708172	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RAB15	-18.7344047252843	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RAB7B	56.8055620583455	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RAB9B	-18.0727546789528	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RABL2A	52.8292211678102	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RADIL	-24.3113495384909	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RAP2B	24.5167810766402	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RBM11	-24.770120427065	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RETSAT	26.2208903911492	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RGMA	40.4315893922872	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RGS16	25.8692368579023	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RGS5	29.9864692310414	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RHOD	23.1602756186019	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RIMKLA	-35.9036104159232	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RIMS4	-19.1993992284294	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RNASE7	49.969571315429	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RNF207	-18.3122827660659	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RNPEP	17.9474760434224	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RORA	-17.63302561135	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RPS27L	24.9159260831164	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RPUSD4	-20.2800541854838	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RRM2	27.6184143576644	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RRM2B	45.1636956380765	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RRP12	-23.9174156181844	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RSAD2	-25.6748494983574	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RTL5	17.8939282307162	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RXRG	-22.539529943108	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	S100A16	-27.7130822977568	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SALL1	-20.9798071335253	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SALL4	21.465778373905	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SAT1	-22.8752157329155	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SCN4B	32.2710860756068	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SCPEP1	-18.5872169251642	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SDC1	33.6461482648161	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SEL1L3	19.5506014266413	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SELENOW	17.6577009424198	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SERPINA3	21.8739170905381	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SERPINB1	23.8630715646711	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SERPINB9	32.2064533328383	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SERPIND1	19.1798987961017	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SERPINE2	18.0400765492358	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SESN1	21.8479457222966	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SESN2	27.521542864494	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SGCA	-48.140470090422	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SGK1	-19.3962535866701	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SH2D2A	55.6844294471735	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SH2D5	33.7609451277543	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SH3BGR	-21.160082836268	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SH3TC2	-31.026366837942	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SHC2	-53.5247070197974	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SHE	33.7337925509643	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SHPK	55.9085136507454	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SIGIRR	-28.6169315655098	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SIX4	-20.4273032099807	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC16A12	17.9033229036243	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC1A5	24.6591398312579	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC26A2	27.8247110761805	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC2A13	-18.4087911181404	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC30A1	18.7929669535767	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC35F5	17.5500490992552	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC35G2	18.8060720132347	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC36A1	19.3007579011085	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC43A2	23.2444840794825	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC47A1	-18.2024451548104	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC4A11	25.0723318088455	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC6A20	36.2756087571124	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC7A11	-22.7098720982557	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC7A8	17.6819177867848	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLFN13	21.9590760111454	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SNAI1	25.1730101023769	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SNAP23	-19.504060758973	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SNX10	-22.0127633644907	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SORCS3	-18.9424928762422	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SOX9	-20.0057224053864	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SP6	-20.2322370070664	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SPATA18	49.9367243138153	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPHKAP	-24.2761616068517	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPOCK1	-20.3171817756292	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SPRED3	34.695206658901	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SRL	-29.0573247347342	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SRPK3	-30.3228477836507	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SRXN1	-33.1548760809068	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ST14	47.8690724881908	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ST6GALNAC2	55.0156940181325	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	STC2	45.8027851196599	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SULF2	46.6859995562496	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SULT1A1	-25.2232131286926	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SULT1E1	-31.1262414143406	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SYDE1	-46.6761927525113	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SYNJ2	25.4030383922492	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SYNPO	18.2208204205914	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SYNPO2L	27.4384777004345	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SYT12	44.5986337100847	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SYTL1	21.6918083627407	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TBC1D10C	22.6804978991045	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TCEA3	20.0705936402378	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TCTEX1D4	50.3323119901342	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TDRD10	42.503296522752	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TEP1	28.3621337150602	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TFPI2	39.6576749933019	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TGFB1I1	-27.7667666437069	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TGFBI	25.7809216864128	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TIAM2	-24.9167180058992	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TIGAR	47.6308065227075	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TKT	27.3038984358215	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM100	40.8708390137442	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM129	22.0621730971754	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM158	19.4152518770838	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM176A	20.4355490057335	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM176B	26.4736634560907	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM229B	32.5721496945847	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMX4	19.0588809396046	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNC	28.8986548333155	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF10A	28.0200064578475	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF10B	27.1754543231543	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF10C	37.0149565879829	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF10D	18.107972387946	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF1A	20.3208024906121	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF21	22.9680028326391	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNNC1	-29.7647168462641	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNNI3	-30.1630168896421	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNNT1	-20.835791518264	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNNT2	-30.6658575509818	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNS1	-22.8070295879807	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TOP2A	25.8042485517976	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TP53I11	39.7865375792209	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TP53I3	56.0997759391145	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TPM1	-25.7112985489496	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TRANK1	18.0332007820464	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TRIM22	31.7330928687274	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TRPM4	-20.9370024242687	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TRPV1	56.4794469462522	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TSGA10	22.2055296634877	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TSHZ2	-23.5570989632799	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TSPAN11	35.8332240472801	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TSPOAP1	-35.996744391217	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TTYH2	-19.6026889119113	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TUBA1C	-27.5257362517182	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TUBA4A	-20.9769371458881	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TUBB4A	-36.957621559533	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TXNRD1	41.6339175025292	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	UBA7	-21.5800828975703	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	UBASH3B	20.2116612691855	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	UBC	-34.4309900438934	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	UCHL1	-25.9030413984388	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	UCP2	21.9207416611184	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ULBP2	-25.3612510181184	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	UNC13D	-19.5403757013373	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	UNC45B	-34.893754526011	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	UNK	22.9820006412397	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	UNKL	-24.0814805043276	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	UPP1	23.4805636049324	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	VCAM1	-18.6808693270097	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	VWCE	39.4949989788635	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	WDR17	18.0016355056311	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	WDR63	45.7517939580623	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	WHRN	19.0243685011161	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	WNT9A	20.3178741912354	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	XIRP2	-48.3437702488758	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	XPC	28.9502006585149	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	YBX3	22.3717701508407	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ZBTB42	-17.5429473087149	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZCCHC12	26.0918435735701	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ZFAND2A	-35.8811959274301	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ZFP36	-18.4420286202776	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZMAT3	27.3791985587155	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZNF117	20.9135619474307	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ZNF365	-18.8434938524356	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZNF423	46.8701181281308	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ZNF784	-17.6816862588629	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
daunorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	daunorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZNF844	26.0049808569241	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	daunorubicin	Anthracycline	DAU	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	A2M	20.9847946739259	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ABCA13	-17.1263968573608	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ACOXL	20.5005237582207	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ACTC1	23.3749128554403	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADAD2	27.3484828717654	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADAM11	19.3616482990259	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADCY8	16.8178354590732	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADCYAP1R1	21.2136371742635	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADGRF3	27.0495592357938	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ADGRG1	-22.2362631759748	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADM5	19.8205401758884	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADPRHL1	23.5756529896308	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADRA2A	25.7718686400711	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ADRA2C	29.9145426753244	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	AIF1L	21.4151854268554	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ALDOC	22.0976030410346	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	AMER2	18.6393016286013	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	AMIGO3	47.2641192521194	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ANKRD13B	17.8737081861503	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ANKRD63	17.3977710690066	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ANLN	29.4874303499505	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ANXA2R	30.1951581236117	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	AP3B2	38.99677766545	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	AP5Z1	-17.8700928297942	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	APCDD1	17.6467198256384	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	APLN	42.9537028231323	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	APOBEC2	19.9780525963135	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	AQP3	36.0678618186375	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ARC	28.8209793060703	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ARL6IP1	22.6306579050695	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ASF1B	56.1263565961657	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ATF3	32.7879817361286	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ATOH7	21.4932442102343	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	AURKA	21.9080971266951	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	AVPR1A	20.1850936944516	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	B3GNT4	24.1183634746325	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	B3GNT5	48.6863869455134	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BAIAP2	42.5088682015302	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BAZ1A	22.7357196001916	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BCAM	20.080638230682	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	BCAT1	-21.9137883125965	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BCL2L11	24.7175576511502	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BCL6	34.8121578872851	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BEST2	27.6730433920587	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BIRC5	29.4686177945176	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BMP8A	26.3238889687736	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	BTLA	19.0683686026064	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C11ORF91	16.9218012946827	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C17ORF47	36.0530147210535	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C17ORF67	19.9861351823433	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C1ORF116	22.9816236450257	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C1QTNF9B	22.1790667351115	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C2CD4A	47.6611830511808	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C5ORF38	19.2432351965326	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C5ORF60	19.2460276933831	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C7	26.4606952421848	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C7ORF43	16.8163666435968	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C8ORF89	18.0484644405366	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	C9ORF152	21.882074891261	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CA2	43.0970829061991	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CA8	23.3684831283439	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CABLES1	49.8252443131268	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CABP1	41.9580173770491	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CABP4	19.38866942902	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CABYR	24.8041968490701	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CACNA1G	21.1450453333886	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CALB2	29.0503872174483	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CASQ2	32.1467859339676	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CATSPERG	42.6698892573691	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CAVIN2	22.8423939312534	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CCDC151	17.6557180972153	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CCDC168	22.5158622987995	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CCDC71L	49.9209872840072	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CCL21	18.300459722866	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CCM2L	49.4209522262968	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CCNG2	26.1120860155835	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CCNO	23.0498634552488	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CCR7	-20.6647665132263	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CD14	20.2728893226718	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CD247	25.3660887695156	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CD44	-16.644207229254	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CD79A	18.7582044251326	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CDC42EP4	25.2060999020366	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CDK5R1	21.2974292844859	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CEBPA	39.3279910659118	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CENPF	20.8792653601787	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CFAP43	18.5911720483683	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CFAP99	54.6679960675068	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CHCHD2	-21.0091313540244	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CHCHD7	21.0874747723202	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CHI3L2	16.9295958399658	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CHRD	17.6938646275808	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CHRM4	47.1802373240823	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CHST8	25.8923368395488	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CIDEC	33.2667160344239	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CILP	31.17443899698	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CITED1	30.6501893760821	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CKM	31.6521842447319	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CKS2	31.4746662167568	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CLIC5	22.0686650486676	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CNN1	16.8300913459349	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CNR1	39.1744213341241	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CNR2	17.6781686663	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CORIN	33.0573364413947	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CORO2A	17.6435306589509	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	COX6A2	19.7600729108306	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CPNE5	19.0992819625379	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CPNE9	25.4980953271924	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CREBRF	48.7873334139388	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CRIP2	28.2334364830806	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CRTAC1	38.4219565128823	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	CRYAB	-20.4757091627576	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CTNNA3	22.5000029585659	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CTSV	20.9051623335394	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CTSW	23.5166170476223	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CXCL3	50.0482991395764	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CXCR4	43.5260078016531	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CXORF36	19.2857912885123	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CYP26B1	16.7164647690011	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CYP27B1	18.6132602217426	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	CYP7A1	28.6037274783811	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DDIT4L	51.6265075027649	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DDN	21.0196311529072	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DEPP1	18.2686496767723	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DHDH	27.1862273191893	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DHH	27.7384325078025	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DIO3	48.6205222116114	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DISP3	22.5644490699735	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DKK2	17.4559507098384	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DKK3	16.6622825752028	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DKKL1	20.328372998252	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DLL4	46.940241326426	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DLX2	49.8750603512288	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DLX3	20.5876424089294	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DNAAF1	26.9486850697018	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	DNAJB1	-26.2741967529722	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DNAJB13	20.8335826651478	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DOK2	21.2125462064549	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DPEP2	45.6917677104261	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	DQX1	19.828049616245	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	DYNC1I1	-20.8493585061186	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	E2F1	20.0595679830292	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EFHB	23.8060320712116	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EFNB3	22.8926525517881	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EGR1	47.1235311020614	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EGR2	39.294527281533	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EGR3	46.8035386029348	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EGR4	51.9323755488803	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ELOVL3	19.892537563735	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EMX1	30.4573235074804	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EN2	41.8074631052274	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ENTPD3	17.3302710180078	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EOMES	49.7069322915758	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EPHA4	48.2665156191789	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ERO1B	17.3792382560336	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ESAM	30.025033732736	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EXOC3L2	16.7113876883983	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EXPH5	22.1123148923759	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	EZH2	25.3938473918913	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	F2RL2	-16.7612070454892	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FAM117A	21.9947881518842	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FAM163A	16.8039249192752	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FAM19A3	32.6265162036247	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FAM83D	26.3806714006832	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	FAM83G	-21.9936293701302	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FAM84A	44.4545771822821	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FAT4	18.8481155489073	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FBXL22	21.905860283807	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	FBXO2	-23.7386467596853	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FGF12	33.9661555396507	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FGR	17.5938232674185	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FHDC1	46.8090072864436	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FHL2	18.2033110610805	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FITM1	29.1387266976267	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FNDC7	22.7140851781511	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	FNIP2	-16.84605872405	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOS	34.8399925140878	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOSB	40.7185606956723	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOXA3	54.659637556913	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOXC1	45.4139444076257	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOXD1	21.3311126918907	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOXE1	52.1660168386315	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOXL2	32.5769761136923	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOXL2NB	25.8243314301291	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FOXQ1	50.6358246593914	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FREM1	22.2643364781001	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FSCN3	27.1586463895558	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FSD2	23.6608137654053	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	FTL	-28.6395853165249	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FUT3	48.6851641128667	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FUT6	25.7895069385766	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FXYD1	19.2981698136595	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FXYD6	26.3167079094017	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FZD1	17.9760080027381	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	FZD8	19.037974967849	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	G0S2	17.5105105672616	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GAD1	24.1549493715799	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GADD45B	30.9813455807128	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	GARS	-16.8057710389058	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GATA3	26.4791826980047	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GCH1	23.1462280650282	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	GCKR	-18.8558248056358	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GCM1	18.423568039532	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GCNT4	47.4296462700608	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GDNF	36.6505422603919	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GFI1	32.5902808107652	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GFPT2	39.0973469553364	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GGN	17.5209386767191	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GIP	17.3914468538879	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GJA5	29.7748407792576	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GJB2	46.938276368844	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GLP1R	24.0980399567383	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GNG4	43.8848799011173	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GOLGA7B	25.2271882944376	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GPR161	20.1541920609757	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GPR83	47.3315258009497	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GRAP	44.6081031005108	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GRIN2C	18.7724759165927	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	GTF2B	48.4822146239112	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	H2AFJ	22.5586607181012	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HAP1	42.4016244620638	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HAS3	47.3478661023412	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HES1	19.7399321100931	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HES7	26.112402664483	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HEXIM1	43.2544296910996	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HHEX	25.2599212687572	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIGD1B	20.4721677967952	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H1A	18.7601995262916	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H1D	49.9244354023175	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H1E	48.8692930906684	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2AB	29.7741073307621	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2AE	41.471858378678	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2AH	25.0384917618335	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2AI	22.0581314709014	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2AM	48.254822865327	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2BE	30.627426916765	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2BG	40.7246745821013	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2BK	40.6161361217628	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H2BO	28.8507620345669	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H3A	35.9188723000558	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H3D	23.0508242093645	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H3F	23.7225539935134	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H3H	43.6315107376968	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H3J	50.438481284514	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H4D	23.6714644445988	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST1H4F	26.6342248487928	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST2H2AB	28.397832977343	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST2H2AC	23.64367311662	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HIST2H2BE	21.6367646916443	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HKDC1	-27.0411918305011	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HOPX	18.7404719259104	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HOXD1	49.0018644171638	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HR	23.5425025750897	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HSD11B2	18.6702188405549	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HSD17B2	-25.2880375608637	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HSP90AA1	-16.8180862310066	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HSPA1B	-22.2260627373813	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	HSPA8	-24.0765169068193	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HSPB3	21.6551748383948	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	HTRA1	20.8049319511076	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ID1	45.4555753048707	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ID2	40.2273490509558	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IDH2	18.2973368514007	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IER5	19.0713680685577	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IGFBP4	17.574962419645	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IGFBP5	19.2068759756982	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IGFL3	32.3965516336093	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IGFLR1	18.2909357926182	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IGSF22	32.5002551360408	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IL12A	21.2584214725828	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	IL6R	-24.983209656057	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	INAFM2	16.6565196669336	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ING1	19.8485430083993	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	INHBB	17.3357451137944	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	INSM1	49.9723139611208	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	INSM2	44.8622856360708	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IRF1	22.3963636057511	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IRF4	41.6211318189183	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	IRS4	51.9474310456422	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ITGAM	47.5090706574859	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ITGB7	22.5831507107494	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	JPH2	16.9641838865596	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	JSRP1	27.4740800106328	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KBTBD8	22.9757762169271	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KCNA1	25.3705121132797	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KCNA3	22.8668576333389	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KCNG3	27.5906994035017	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KCNH4	23.6818284134386	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KCNJ5	17.9636717923181	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KCNJ9	20.7592424702667	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KCNK10	18.8211406992025	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KCNQ1	18.0595941385142	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KIAA0040	25.060808745061	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KIF20A	24.2130467685867	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KL	49.4230970703607	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KLF10	44.9648512342462	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KLF4	23.3132636883034	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KLF5	27.280439375469	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KLF9	30.9396131820323	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KLHL15	27.0203310494074	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	KLLN	42.3823492258608	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	L3MBTL3	43.5493277143148	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LDB3	29.0782896838299	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LEF1	49.1063733202503	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LEFTY1	28.8175460159984	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LETM2	30.1044774946332	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LGI3	30.0015147081748	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LGR5	46.0485187213895	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LGSN	41.4079083619496	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LMOD1	19.4324650507538	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC100128988	25.5585676686287	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC101060022	24.3751910143903	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC101927245	23.6492339336103	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC101928764	19.4375993739513	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC105370687	22.2408623818131	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC105371419	18.6566991258864	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC105376341	28.9633645229812	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC105377021	19.4672938542967	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC105378479	24.5428968346662	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC107985355	17.5131176342105	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC107986192	27.9989160980199	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LOC107987175	21.5143375292444	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LONRF3	16.7322604401711	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LRIT3	26.6141172322263	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LRRC10	19.8133920320759	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LRRN4	20.1685054080617	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LTB4R	23.7280034597589	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	LYPD4	27.7490272808759	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MADCAM1	21.6054176152769	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MAFA	29.2255939151604	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MAFB	31.3972453714705	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MAP1A	-18.4132346438071	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MAP2	-26.2271566428072	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MAP4K1	22.5670951051366	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MASP1	24.7522483142817	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MB	37.8784469423486	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MDGA1	46.7464694975448	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MEFV	29.5558387137816	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MEGF6	17.3604945894972	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MET	-18.0411038208107	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	METTL21C	47.6433333371929	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MFAP3L	41.7252967484583	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MFAP4	25.6694592827754	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MFSD2A	24.9361731484657	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MICALL2	-23.9475796503113	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MILR1	25.1389290989863	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MKI67	28.4166610474809	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MKX	21.0914267902591	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MLNR	20.8763287650549	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MMD	23.5109760892291	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MMP1	-28.8345101483736	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MN1	16.908395224172	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MSX1	26.982182578049	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MTF1	49.7286446930898	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MTFR2	49.697126865623	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MTUS2	17.7921094478825	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYB	50.7688837984811	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYBL2	18.088319881777	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYBPC3	19.8460470555011	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYC	26.0501340197801	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYCL	47.640145380827	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	MYH14	-25.1769483096185	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYH6	27.7199296902332	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYH7	30.3067573476376	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYL2	23.9789761393771	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYL3	34.0098742659402	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYL4	22.7529780412958	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYL7	32.2018434931597	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYLK3	21.3818249677527	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYO1A	22.2980916723662	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYOCD	21.4903440053491	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYOM1	23.7251188334505	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	MYZAP	17.1369122442832	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NCF1	20.8652311939647	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NDNF	31.7045662374529	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NDRG1	20.2582627501829	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NECTIN4	20.0073512582887	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NEFH	19.3381673953869	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NEK8	23.0064184887573	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NEURL3	32.479725469156	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NEUROG2	33.8373983351813	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NHLH2	42.155497592455	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NIPSNAP2	18.2250328537731	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NKPD1	48.2055984915593	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NKX3-1	28.1729364752159	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NMB	18.706805823841	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NOTCH1	21.3924892922513	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NOXO1	20.1697860852992	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	NPC1	-16.8611861163553	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NPPA	19.5374611974386	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NPPB	18.8401476569259	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NPPC	50.0093983522563	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NPTX2	38.9222439528584	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NPY1R	23.3214196311463	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NR0B1	26.6665742024738	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NR3C2	18.1697286621128	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NR4A2	25.3441952726618	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NRARP	26.0226965281959	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NREP	33.8201838014776	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NUSAP1	30.9099571785287	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NUTM2B	17.4907175569676	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NWD2	24.5502361610295	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	NXT2	19.0680021291885	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OLFML2A	20.2985496493287	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OLIG1	56.0573697218095	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OR2B6	50.479227415034	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	OSGIN1	-28.1197204013242	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OTX1	16.9220481240944	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OVGP1	20.8593420110269	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	OVOL1	45.4464704774628	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	P2RX1	16.873064520754	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PCDH10	43.4506909028233	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PCDH17	40.5014445858634	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PCDH19	44.627705856107	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PCDH8	42.5336849016491	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PCP2	19.738191009087	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PDE4C	29.9847283125602	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PEAK3	18.0601995227085	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PECAM1	19.4927471005556	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PGAM2	19.1341528764571	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PGC	29.9971968025211	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PITX3	19.2384332972818	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PKD1L3	18.3056754850421	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PKD2L1	19.8059574276299	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PLEKHA7	19.4827704724976	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PLK5	19.6646380368615	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PMEL	-25.6663228716643	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PNLDC1	31.6469466492885	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PNP	29.0387979232224	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	POLG2	46.6891805070981	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	POLR2A	34.5330443811682	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	POU3F1	39.9291150837921	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PPEF2	21.3285791028498	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PPP1R1A	24.5187192492746	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PRDM13	54.918495458819	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PRDM14	36.3164247455056	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PRDM16	17.1462881066989	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PRKCG	23.9461382301812	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PRSS35	19.9485317235388	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PRSS42	19.1423975938854	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PRSS43	28.0171718681055	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PSMB11	21.5684375397837	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PSMD12	-17.5244434415504	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PSMD14	-19.4199137456527	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PTCH1	32.0345283205131	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PTHLH	49.6104005140594	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PTN	18.8878347383159	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PTPN5	20.2897139857327	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	PTPRN	-26.187429058083	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PTX4	36.6261785136348	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	PYROXD2	18.8908028475679	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RARG	51.7104252660183	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RASGEF1B	19.1805604470026	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RASL11A	24.46339408994	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	RBM11	-16.8131869539307	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RCC1	23.2674633309637	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RCSD1	24.9140804752333	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RGCC	23.1613250181431	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RGMB	21.2681043200525	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RGS16	38.1180245250788	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RGS2	41.3211572980026	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RGS5	22.6507163429526	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RHCE	24.1956707973383	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RHEBL1	17.499508353957	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RNASE13	16.6858878307373	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RND1	50.7332747601316	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RNF207	30.7336769304896	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RRM2	23.8694246977606	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RSPH6A	18.2352689492006	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RSRP1	18.5945305479628	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RTN4RL1	21.7879178350063	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	RUNX3	39.3906162570627	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	S100A14	17.1056411457698	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SALL1	42.3193896674384	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SASH3	20.0741431643564	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SATB2	21.3379582241117	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SCUBE3	25.9734768102993	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SDC4	25.3996297798132	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SEPT4	22.4992243329791	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SETD1B	22.754308954692	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SFRP5	30.1841416811568	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SGK1	38.8089244889079	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SHE	22.3319859504046	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SHISA2	44.1435156282056	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SHISA7	18.543618115377	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SIX1	18.4252109326504	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SIX2	43.5145194451858	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SIX4	46.1576816129909	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC16A6	44.7903909371676	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC17A7	19.8696488709855	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC25A47	30.6333833465209	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC26A8	22.4449626863395	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC28A3	21.7605346052006	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC30A1	28.5796727987922	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SLC3A2	-18.881831033127	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC43A2	20.7674870483766	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC4A11	37.5771101757207	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC5A1	32.9403002384944	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC5A5	29.0552906523381	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC6A4	17.1724371486859	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SLC7A11	-22.3400321398214	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC8A2	22.3391578682321	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC9A1	29.7838119722891	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLC9A5	21.1881676879187	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLFN11	20.6647383253416	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLFN12L	23.796809843806	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLFN13	17.5392309540587	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SLIT3	17.5286370201794	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SMYD1	18.6361203902105	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SNAI1	37.6454474684817	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SOWAHA	32.1090148591294	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SOWAHB	21.0394717823021	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SOX3	52.9097285288529	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SOX4	19.0400622077545	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SOX9	48.3305824600284	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SPEF1	17.2118183115698	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SPHK1	28.5341623553517	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SPHKAP	18.3864112783955	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SPON1	19.0508585695149	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SPRED3	44.1088181811244	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SQSTM1	-18.2401983642123	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SRL	21.9394245518666	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SRMS	21.3262148317959	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	SRPX	19.7840644927542	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	SRXN1	-22.7003550428094	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ST14	17.3422254468031	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ST8SIA6	23.1019934899845	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	STC1	23.8766080517498	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TAC1	51.7392980865504	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TAGLN	21.8028790634578	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TAS1R1	26.4092285748898	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TBX21	24.2345231398022	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TCAP	32.5874375524217	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TCF24	49.0276319663474	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TCHH	51.1852151799418	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TEX14	29.2923579641569	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TFCP2L1	44.8469641828834	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TFR2	19.5713856083154	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TGM2	19.0266892069766	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	THPO	21.3292895210277	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	THRB	19.4117207709174	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TLCD1	18.1060230777744	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TLE3	44.0900194383463	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM100	48.3006452514228	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM132E	26.9604340201177	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM151B	19.8637156449231	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM30B	19.8912123925134	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM52	18.0140581304763	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TNFAIP3	20.6031319155807	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TNFRSF10A	18.4819793495645	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TNFRSF10C	24.7886735743683	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TNFRSF10D	32.849919716444	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TNFSF9	42.4805377892447	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TNNC1	23.3153806709874	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TNNI1	33.7456373671447	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TNNT2	22.9397614921687	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TOP2A	32.5282168625902	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TPBG	44.8861148006093	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TPM1	23.6161301310995	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TRABD2A	28.2488913976934	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TRIM71	47.5306885932807	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TSPAN11	24.8316483386852	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TSPOAP1	18.4535972494954	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TUBA1C	-19.5275283439888	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TUBB3	25.5440643454591	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TUBB4A	-17.9686846993891	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	TULP2	26.6360561987412	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	TYRP1	-37.3975479601281	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	UBC	-24.7663890015311	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	UBE3B	17.7545785399096	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	UCHL1	-18.2372194102263	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ULBP2	37.4843403266099	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	USHBP1	34.6681578568826	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	USP49	18.2290253798202	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	VCAM1	18.4617263769778	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	VDR	19.9877024266266	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	VGLL2	31.4257520344802	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	VIL1	21.0227709429083	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	VSIG10	18.8350596115145	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	WDR74	37.2058731906832	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	WHRN	33.4719408818218	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	WNT3A	30.0752538211718	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZACN	22.6235644274805	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZBTB11	22.5897569248046	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZBTB7C	17.1743437911599	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZC3H12A	52.7409414989607	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZC3H12D	23.7767716264633	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZC3HAV1	17.8988244497576	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZCCHC12	38.26912303664	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	OrangeRed	ZFAND2A	-23.0048674249257	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZFP36	24.4371228123777	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZIC2	18.3437674137545	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZIC3	21.3279825946571	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZIK1	19.7698084795658	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZNF296	17.6461727552129	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZNF367	27.788232475776	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZNF425	24.584783336703	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZNF646	23.1996743107157	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZNF703	27.2597455846476	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	OrangeRed	ZSCAN10	34.9153285348081	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	A2M	18.5202870935058	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	ABCA13	-15.8097093365758	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ACTA2	19.245587727647	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ACTC1	23.3374839239181	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	ADGRG1	-20.3290177119914	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ADO	17.2712036795287	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ADPRHL1	23.1271769590699	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ADRA2A	49.0515385819746	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ADRA2C	21.710542668811	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	AIF1L	20.5248101203628	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ALDOC	16.8840032536005	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ANKRD33B	16.4826962869063	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ANKRD49	19.7044288417083	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ANLN	28.5396735430041	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	AP3B2	19.7812834663629	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	AP5Z1	-19.3856570879454	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	APCDD1	15.7547760222352	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	APLN	44.5717545991314	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	APOBEC2	15.1590324382481	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	APOE	16.2195112432854	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ARC	31.5255632256722	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ARL6IP1	15.4565073351127	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ASF1B	28.1455213763793	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ASPM	15.1640089808383	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ASPN	19.3514918027301	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ATF3	27.9792901918894	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ATG12	17.2060575405463	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ATP12A	22.5957281613476	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ATRIP	15.583269151272	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	AVPR1A	22.1482719966255	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	AXIN2	15.2629852626946	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	B3GNT5	49.8637065752584	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	BAHD1	15.3216652042797	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	BARX1	20.3400834836292	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	BAZ1A	24.7860211446766	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	BCAM	17.8321209144609	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	BHLHE22	18.9352604463736	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	BIRC5	28.2381038350843	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	BMP4	17.2154353103644	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	BOLA1	23.1763667851317	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	BROX	15.2821385895827	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	C11ORF96	16.4458212452816	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	C17ORF67	17.6715207906685	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	C1ORF116	55.9049796555215	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	C2CD4A	48.9173209627377	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	C5ORF38	19.9309445440271	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	C6ORF120	30.4273471613753	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	C7	24.5924089167641	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	C7ORF43	28.7601671770196	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	C8ORF89	15.964826558259	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CA2	44.7041115366017	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CABP1	17.0871585522484	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CABYR	20.7672764735442	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CASQ2	29.1414397358624	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CATSPERG	25.1632301421151	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CAVIN2	22.969459437072	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CCDC116	15.5224268840211	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CCDC168	18.4161403791244	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CCDC71L	51.0033901094535	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CCNA1	16.7890034844065	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CCNE2	20.6991772316492	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CCNG2	29.4113211599065	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CCNL1	17.2431516201726	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CCNO	33.5659989020195	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	CCR7	-19.0760470403265	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CD14	25.4742553397977	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CDC42EP4	34.0295325686736	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CDH24	16.6209872935542	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CDK1	15.4795470234506	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CDK5R1	22.4210757344196	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	CDKN1A	-15.2761400408805	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CDKN2C	21.3895337176657	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CDR2	23.7297985108072	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CDR2L	18.4747942275735	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CEBPA	41.2247897064414	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CENPF	17.0328309039557	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CETN2	15.4071754959286	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CFAP99	20.4894801323679	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CGGBP1	15.6352893612387	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CHCHD7	21.0941278878474	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CHMP1B	15.2775915117362	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CHST2	52.9965973021441	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CITED1	23.1550095035435	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CKM	30.1118721105423	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CKS2	26.5178468705363	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CLDN6	17.1732719324441	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CLDN9	40.6126545734321	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CLIC5	19.643851241921	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CLIC6	16.4120817429713	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CLP1	15.1091148993956	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CNN1	20.2995751291348	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CNR1	41.0830265064712	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	COL21A1	22.7131288526136	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	COL5A2	17.0038484018764	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CORIN	29.7241531384498	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	COX6A2	17.6160185209854	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CRABP2	17.6900452433437	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CREBRF	18.3014018707111	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CRIP2	25.7843684600802	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CRTAC1	40.3884116257749	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	CRYAB	-17.0604016146276	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CTNNA3	22.1162345467244	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CTSW	19.2204201418723	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CXCL3	51.1209141542608	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CXCR4	45.100060432381	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CYBRD1	16.6097492863804	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CYP1B1	34.8569214374301	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CYP26A1	26.3300503746141	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CYP26B1	26.983752760851	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	CYP7A1	23.8813956984999	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	DDIAS	18.4808909077842	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	DDIT3	-16.2197816737417	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	DDIT4L	52.5777889249652	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	DDN	26.191976479435	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	DIO3	49.8029055610584	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	DKK2	16.803272983715	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	DKKL1	30.017625986839	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	DLX1	26.515982334045	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	DLX2	50.9609940664335	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	DNAJB1	-26.1489616643629	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	DNM1	-16.3757242691929	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	DOK2	18.262357807679	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	DPEP2	47.0993154383043	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	DUSP4	43.5124139605367	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	DUSP6	20.9336629941696	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	DYNC1I1	-18.5082326117783	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	E2F1	21.6124258405887	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	E2F3	15.1942622799987	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	EDEM1	15.7271100525836	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	EFNB3	16.4798363314501	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	EGR1	48.4210040134916	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	EGR2	41.1938986375996	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	EGR3	48.1256127269761	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	EGR4	23.2560233721532	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ELN	48.1721298484751	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ELOVL3	16.0726646424694	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	EMILIN1	16.6496767494889	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	EMX1	55.0702313575002	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	EN2	43.5136384687483	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	EOMES	23.2766124026855	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	EPHA4	15.3683892775444	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ESAM	28.4505137830554	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ETV3	17.1663526047905	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	EXPH5	56.692014767187	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FABP3	15.9935076181941	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FAM131B	25.083556569008	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FAM162B	16.4565359966973	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FAM19A3	18.0041797250846	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FAM76B	15.8686624787834	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	FAM83G	-27.6245841908975	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FBXL15	18.6032893466766	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FBXL22	19.5496165277098	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	FBXO2	-27.105092002208	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FGF12	32.0275368196144	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FGFBP3	16.7651487773338	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FGFR3	23.4364262960676	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FHDC1	48.1306609748618	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FITM1	22.0069779142258	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FJX1	24.2455133534489	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FLT3	19.4131149773446	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	FNIP2	-21.6563573176945	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FOS	37.0818311379659	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FOSB	42.5084515205336	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXA2	15.3919635768622	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXA3	16.8545599877882	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXC1	46.8428513553579	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXD1	17.9315896725035	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXD2	20.3484619906716	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXD3	25.6715689071172	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXE1	33.9292898178998	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXF2	22.6831141280657	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXL2	54.7286528702972	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXL2NB	51.6459998378238	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FOXQ1	51.6632703645866	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FRAT1	21.7091931408027	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FREM1	19.8169919341837	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FSCN3	16.5764024343781	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FSD2	22.7139523511088	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FST	22.3790723687942	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FSTL3	16.1926744332932	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	FTL	-25.5909994164888	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FXYD1	17.2626988908552	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FXYD6	23.7512226922432	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FZD1	16.2797148860037	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FZD10	26.1975727144255	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FZD7	54.4856349348607	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	FZD8	16.4852773393447	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	G0S2	15.912732468262	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GADD45B	33.5198392632473	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GADD45G	15.7011711622601	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GATA3	52.0508457623754	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GCH1	22.4515927570713	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	GCKR	-24.7648548969026	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GCNT4	48.7035848663058	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GDF9	20.0822647333866	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GDNF	38.7531847488208	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GFI1	35.3460273999356	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GJB2	48.2499917737439	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GLP1R	21.0692131238009	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GNG4	45.4313422325627	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GPR150	20.5099912723202	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GPR22	19.570889600135	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GPR83	48.6130079568991	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GRB7	20.2163479603938	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GRHL1	27.6532413485672	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GSKIP	20.2759297121754	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	GZF1	17.1954538221128	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HAP1	44.0621203490199	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HAS3	48.6280920062545	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HAUS8	18.4672334720028	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HES6	27.6476572022808	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HES7	26.6718467557079	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HEXIM1	44.849361407607	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HEY1	20.5226489831241	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H1D	23.8543916476241	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H1E	15.2429059789819	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2AB	17.5256112476674	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2AE	24.0573045860219	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2AH	16.0302717497451	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2AM	49.4653213968298	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2BE	31.7211334741444	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2BG	42.5140953677576	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H2BK	42.413901408451	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H3A	18.5146410784022	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H3F	15.3438807957762	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST1H3J	27.6000164000053	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST2H2AB	24.8642750964762	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST2H2AC	17.1456277363977	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HIST2H2BE	24.7166006720465	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HK2	18.267034020506	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	HKDC1	-16.8598960657689	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	HMOX1	-18.2723911974007	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HMX3	18.2393330565989	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HOPX	20.9268495702695	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HOXD1	50.1549299522813	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HOXD13	18.986377064573	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HOXD8	16.5289248968964	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	HSPA1B	-18.2314589068278	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	HSPA8	-21.7607295308754	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HSPB3	19.3584652103373	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HSPB6	19.116495087215	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	HTRA1	20.3157635994619	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ID1	46.8812816445974	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ID2	42.0550045176181	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IDH2	16.9736524811755	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IER2	18.8390098388995	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IER5	22.4598373129782	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IER5L	32.7109478285158	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IGDCC3	23.3405083369506	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IGF2	15.7529687463336	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IGFBP3	15.4936080499094	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IGFBP4	17.9995788836165	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IGFBP5	18.1844507194296	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IGFBP7	20.501829698165	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IGFL3	17.115167685461	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IGFLR1	19.9480024848921	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IGSF22	27.5746746489979	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IKZF1	16.9951641697106	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IL12A	19.6311785189996	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IL17D	19.6369541927055	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	IL6R	-28.3738541976628	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ILF2	16.3963736798941	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	INAFM2	17.2342427262373	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ING1	23.324107565045	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	INHA	20.3283045316823	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	INHBB	51.7244243731112	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	INSM1	51.0507707612706	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	INSM2	46.3336044364706	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	INSYN2	17.7933126941748	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IPMK	23.4454032624031	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IRF3	17.0975468484457	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IRF4	43.3416324419471	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IRS2	28.7064733366858	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	IRS4	18.902742588498	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ISM1	15.7252207795596	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ITGAM	18.3648499470337	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ITPKA	19.8116788306969	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ITPKB	48.3684103992005	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	JSRP1	15.6646220122932	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KBTBD8	51.00029457172	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KCNA3	20.2923721372811	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KCNJ5	16.0526467196397	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KCNQ1	15.4654805599754	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KCNQ4	16.8541461873132	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KCTD15	16.5547644934683	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KIAA0040	20.5449700096709	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	KIAA0930	-16.249174308294	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	KIF1A	-15.664722809084	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KIF20A	18.8071242372562	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KLF10	20.5792714188341	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KLF15	24.9066088440667	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KLF4	49.330883568926	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KLF5	25.307659184107	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KLF9	23.1991568939104	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KLHL13	19.9059699489795	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KLHL14	18.1275534770766	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KLHL15	30.7970515673401	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	KLLN	44.0443270043778	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	L3MBTL3	45.1215874963629	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LBX1	15.1747823261121	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LDB3	26.3997475844473	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LEF1	50.2514041490805	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LETM2	16.7241925251875	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LGR5	47.4286392205237	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LGSN	43.1448017304731	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LHX2	16.696302211709	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LHX6	15.8235032794363	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LMOD1	16.0456052480414	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LMX1B	15.1665573988139	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LOC101060022	17.9571189045349	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LOC105370687	29.6438968152671	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LOC105376341	18.2028495940603	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LOC105379575	15.3914909436304	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LOC107986192	34.8115307481776	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LOC107987175	21.7847477551386	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LOXL2	15.5401208189401	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LRRN1	53.0357795146541	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LRRN4	18.2599160224531	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LTB4R	32.7395442272974	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	LYPD4	17.5632138967184	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MAFB	33.9037644320837	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	MAP1A	-21.9510956818238	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	MAP2	-21.7380019917786	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MARCKS	32.6642603274908	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MASP1	23.0207321041377	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MB	26.1794048189396	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MDK	18.4996192563977	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MEGF6	16.8929585660749	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	METTL21C	23.7339085208173	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MEX3B	30.3240570708137	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MEX3C	18.1687889723851	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MFAP3L	43.4377891100892	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MFAP4	24.2183113636921	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MGP	15.9415720147252	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	MICALL2	-25.8698548215415	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MIER3	17.3170244626754	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MILR1	18.8273148872528	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MKI67	21.397119047789	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MKX	53.6938977813159	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MMD	37.5567043382288	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	MMP1	-27.2759269010404	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MN1	30.8188352021164	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MNX1	20.1386385628553	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MR1	15.5330250753383	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MRTO4	15.9271024053621	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MSX1	52.1012977860697	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MSX2	31.3729103100535	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MTF1	26.3680125044182	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MTFR2	50.7967402124496	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MXD1	19.2652567994709	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYB	51.7860998383576	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYBL2	17.5441431359596	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYBPC3	17.2603464606889	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYC	52.1091807235531	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYCL	48.897900680925	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYCN	20.2066978463796	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	MYH14	-23.2662084798258	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYH6	20.7356238890864	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYH7	27.6976940225064	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYL2	22.055228617168	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYL3	31.9315782090413	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYL4	21.6362445086547	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYL7	29.8181084089191	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYL9	17.5544610364223	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYLK	20.3493805737148	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYLK3	19.6713368301936	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	MYOM1	20.3790695035918	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NCBP2	16.2583012871843	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NDRG1	23.6211533835119	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NEK5	16.5909916047342	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NEK8	18.5946556217063	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NEURL3	18.7402844936801	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NEUROD2	22.6725565616216	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NEUROG2	22.3375230811046	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NFIL3	15.831588895665	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NHLH1	22.134097660859	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NHLH2	43.8349158587328	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NIPSNAP2	17.5621983871591	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NKPD1	22.3048286025867	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NKX3-1	53.7011267350705	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NKX3-2	30.3875338877869	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NKX6-1	18.0650601921791	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NMB	17.3703456420445	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NOTCH1	17.0053819303093	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	NPC1	-17.2907551556056	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NPPA	29.2113142460439	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NPPB	26.2130074253222	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NPPC	25.7170871090829	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NPTX2	40.8502366714421	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NPY1R	35.4714792353076	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NR2E1	19.5135711000769	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NR2F1	20.8152173852818	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NR4A2	49.7731885342845	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NR4A3	17.2685650055171	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NRARP	24.1624942335324	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NREP	32.7938860485161	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NRG4	16.2010480136528	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NUDT17	16.5737849947792	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	NXT2	33.1714186491518	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	OAT	18.2481916492125	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	OLFML2A	16.9866797943124	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	OLFML3	15.7473666127274	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	OLIG1	24.0113277275582	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	OR2B6	17.3408231675308	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	OSGIN1	-27.2171424514821	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	OSR2	30.494690115074	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	OTULINL	22.4548863471379	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	OTX1	22.2645297008104	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	OVOL1	46.8728768017064	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	P2RX1	15.9155873552899	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	P2RY1	30.4644991381652	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PCDH10	45.0305339412836	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PCDH17	42.3080274256725	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PCDH19	46.1170592887457	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PCDH8	44.1840279038954	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PCF11	16.1727837162283	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	PDK4	-15.1909920250084	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PGC	18.9628126759479	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PHLDB2	15.0736045564755	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PITX1	16.729652429525	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PITX3	22.4928770337053	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PLN	16.8405268448522	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PNLDC1	19.5803114168166	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PNP	31.726635818696	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	POLG2	48.0200465491909	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	POLR2A	36.7984813590675	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	POU3F1	41.7796989542576	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	POU3F2	16.5491208924086	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PPP1R14C	15.6809122359916	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PPP1R1A	21.2134731615273	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PPP1R3G	33.0760456814106	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PRDM13	55.6166868997224	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PRDM14	18.5108252830537	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PRKCG	18.4409487590227	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PRR18	25.0211632278438	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PRR7	24.2402968806663	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PRSS35	22.6909405542307	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PRSS43	24.194103962775	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PRTG	20.0310994707779	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PSMC3IP	23.3355815438237	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	PSMD14	-16.231300123657	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PTCH1	27.6874941206902	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PTF1A	18.979566176435	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PTGER2	18.6519252610279	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PTGER4	17.5488146921847	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PTHLH	30.968090796699	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	PTN	19.0578473917411	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	PTPRN	-24.7234392545031	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RARG	24.1683291458706	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RASD1	16.5366103748619	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RASGEF1B	40.3008395155504	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RASSF2	24.0973015222071	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	RBM11	-15.5205791957875	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RBM3	15.1445249794721	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RBM48	17.3909472358284	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RCC2	20.0502629125696	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RCSD1	20.7501381532821	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RECQL	29.5078461725144	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	REM2	20.4910045568647	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RFLNB	53.6585012118721	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RGCC	18.4930042283301	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RGMA	49.2323938257417	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RGMB	28.6138352991249	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RGS16	40.1078461089718	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RGS2	17.252188949807	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RGS5	28.1649210360128	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RIPK4	20.1045910316471	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RND1	15.4089095925294	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RNF207	27.853925766289	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RRM2	23.4667119884559	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	RRP12	-16.7214111930341	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RSRP1	28.370213011695	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	RUNX3	41.2826002358533	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SALL1	43.9862078140479	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SAT1	39.4346869683049	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SCML1	22.718419052325	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SCUBE3	23.5255307891995	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SDC1	20.5603288379706	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SDC4	19.8669836366448	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SDCBP	15.590950429753	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SELE	16.5177704360755	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SFRP2	21.424680182556	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SFRP5	27.8425045090115	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SGK1	40.7456292749091	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SHH	15.4136468027038	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SHISA2	45.6700938919674	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SIX1	36.0790065610129	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SIX2	45.0894553075542	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SIX4	47.529409604448	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC15A2	15.2501060323644	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC16A14	21.7353572572113	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC16A6	46.2672370445448	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC18A3	17.0659946099278	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC28A3	18.4259064124255	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC30A1	31.6903492423063	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC35G2	19.8333532650953	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	SLC3A2	-16.0051598124326	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC4A11	39.6085175747475	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC5A1	29.7008346631197	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC9A1	32.4143727469891	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SLC9A5	16.9220874380612	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SLFN13	15.5154775528036	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SLFN5	19.131503941932	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SLIT3	17.2953592418211	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SMYD1	17.1971555591333	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SNAI1	39.6716010560188	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SNX32	16.2208343206421	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SOWAHA	32.5149622274204	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SOWAHC	26.6281309496026	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SOX2	25.1066098033323	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SOX21	23.4528461966784	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SOX3	53.7623551595331	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SOX9	49.5352565490785	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SP6	18.7929607477053	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SPHK1	31.260796931779	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SPINT1	16.0916579864132	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SPON1	17.893575984612	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	SQSTM1	-20.9176759762061	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SRPX	18.3716716233495	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	SRXN1	-23.0735109684786	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ST8SIA6	21.7208445843658	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	STK17B	17.6512723413455	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	STMN1	15.0730444979427	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SULF1	15.7456525777384	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SULT1E1	22.9361584856601	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	SYBU	20.6014232340302	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TACR1	15.4821815971475	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TAGLN	28.6082776783786	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TBCC	25.206682357992	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TBX21	16.5550591412	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TCAP	29.1599956775343	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TCF24	19.3299532848464	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TCHH	15.5733109863201	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TEX14	31.9607020137005	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TFAP2A	16.0261506857726	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TFAP2C	23.6633088835126	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TGM2	17.3716895609821	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	THAP10	17.6517286059863	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TLCD1	52.6625723035371	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TLNRD1	29.3745167036451	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TLX1	15.982421474872	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TMCC2	29.2073059600214	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TMEM100	22.3990837672287	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TMEM132E	15.5990508051142	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TMEM158	49.4646953389182	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TMEM200B	30.7022192033343	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TMEM30B	20.2277618618594	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TMEM60	17.9813931865999	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TMEM86A	20.9759727874743	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TNFAIP3	18.3566024088311	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TNFRSF10A	41.4554854959549	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TNFRSF10B	15.3297907850442	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TNFRSF10D	35.2447563141481	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	TNFRSF1A	-15.9858199642737	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TNNC1	21.9728369167583	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TNNI1	31.5778381242144	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TNNT2	21.1774807419124	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TOP2A	29.2219095690921	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TPBG	46.3556016007435	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TPM1	22.7121309871279	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TPM2	16.3239731946011	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TRABD2A	17.1471551552593	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TREX1	27.8603743130057	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TRIM36	19.6847764274848	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TRIM67	22.4387605564878	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TRIM71	48.7968589959495	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TSPAN11	16.3494568578128	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TSPOAP1	16.2568335164795	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	TUBA1C	-18.5753930693351	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	TULP2	15.3462725194821	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	TXNRD1	-16.7550334182064	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	UBC	-26.959610632413	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	UBE2QL1	16.5489559571438	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ULBP1	29.2965915074484	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ULBP2	39.5228799265101	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	UNC45B	16.2765786576414	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	VAX1	16.1497768037937	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	VCAM1	21.5985967835093	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	VDR	19.8467273853855	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	VSIG10	17.1226276805092	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	VSX2	16.2225982494634	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	WDR74	39.2658215087086	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	WHRN	35.8189561244014	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZBTB11	27.988357314962	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZBTB21	26.7012738081531	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZC3H12A	27.2126947571554	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZC3H12D	25.9843546437098	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZCCHC12	40.2473280775883	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZCCHC3	15.6039337416427	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Blue	ZFAND2A	-20.563642120405	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZIC2	54.7552352760952	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZIC3	19.3586247390397	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZIC5	25.3748857880474	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZIK1	23.32861503695	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZNF296	21.0677189212154	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZNF367	36.2142802650308	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZNF425	54.2230088672598	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZNF503	21.869829260944	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZNF550	19.831365221015	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Blue	ZNF703	32.0728527837165	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ABCA1	16.33689090441	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ACOXL	21.7451532934913	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ACTA2	13.1085553065425	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ACTC1	17.7248223031883	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ADAMTS5	13.2717492064998	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ADCY10	13.3635420009559	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ADCY8	16.629367747084	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ADGRF3	12.1119124495675	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	ADGRG1	-14.4429365346982	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ADPRHL1	17.1642256341342	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ADRA2A	24.0225586386533	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ADRA2C	13.5222911594462	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	AIF1L	14.7610832994304	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ALDOC	14.0404340238599	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	AMIGO3	30.6565270652255	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ANKRD33B	14.4181036969166	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ANKRD63	12.1059093918218	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ANKRD65	22.8024499398494	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ANLN	21.5067192302152	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ANXA2R	32.0625116914819	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	AP3B2	47.3139683248372	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	AP5Z1	-15.0243827713514	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	APCDD1	13.8081149946548	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	APLN	19.0730501757804	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	APOBEC2	15.2810365883296	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	AQP3	45.3593409596166	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ARC	40.5230958735667	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ARHGAP20	15.6922279213083	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ARL6IP1	17.9570011365777	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ARRDC2	13.2113571390859	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ASF1B	23.9678705438546	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ASPN	12.4032741466543	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ATOH7	17.0638451551919	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	AURKA	18.0159568824352	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	AVIL	21.7263714392028	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	AVPR1A	19.1938614148751	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	AXIN2	18.0723856193651	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	B3GNT5	34.6338492957913	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	BAIAP2	28.3017347196079	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	BATF3	12.8262767181629	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	BCAM	13.9448002599092	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	BCL6	19.1039665626253	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	BCORL1	12.8412714814581	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	BEST2	16.4922015966686	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	BIRC5	19.8739672217204	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	BMP8A	14.3089116097268	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	BNC1	20.384493055314	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	C17ORF67	14.2090171695537	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	C1ORF116	16.8463046618819	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	C1QTNF9B	17.5267525291877	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	C22ORF31	12.1328882197356	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	C2CD4A	53.0962047413398	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	C5ORF38	22.4971451807473	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	C5ORF60	16.6961701687851	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	C7	17.9765119520575	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	C9ORF152	21.6157814375842	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CA2	50.0503285511119	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CA8	18.8983436846279	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CABLES1	54.5404023843746	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CABP1	23.8435782836561	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CABYR	11.9159907853904	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CACNA1G	11.5655220440897	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CALB2	16.4044886388383	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CASQ1	11.5732003095678	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CASQ2	24.5348060178742	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CATSPERG	49.7652386270844	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CAVIN2	14.6424554697344	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CCDC116	14.3312657791405	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CCDC141	12.7303501313414	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CCDC168	12.8842542649239	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CCDC17	11.8806280154959	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CCDC71L	54.604296958578	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CCM2L	23.7757760271499	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CCNG2	23.0385738402832	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CCNO	29.0157428661492	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	CCR7	-13.7907404088098	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CD247	13.2943198481348	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CDC42EP4	14.5466244098547	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CDH3	12.6101349244188	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CDHR2	12.3456299892916	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CDK5R1	16.0552778950452	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	CDKN1A	-12.6988907008101	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CEBPA	47.5350053262842	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CENPF	15.0412900389045	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	CEP170B	-11.5325662020887	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CFAP99	22.0243006455027	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CHST2	24.987643354444	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CIDEC	31.9939794460402	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CILP	14.4910727265421	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CITED1	28.0248911827381	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CKM	21.9882988625319	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CLDN1	11.9494797932066	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CLIC5	15.7433265525975	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CNN1	17.5649564457879	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CNR1	47.4325197596372	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	COL21A1	14.8606954468574	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	COL5A2	12.3275985296587	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CORIN	21.9456749639065	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CORO2A	28.4435987405257	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	COX6A2	14.1284321125806	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CPNE5	11.8450099407444	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CPNE9	24.1265367297802	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CRABP2	14.4232746972775	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CREBRF	17.9803105335593	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CRIP2	19.0857374949054	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CRISPLD1	15.6980530603514	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CRTAC1	46.930358411244	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	CRYAB	-12.4779788699822	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CTNNA3	16.3500016604425	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CXCL3	54.6892591936941	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CXCR4	50.3365738316621	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CYP26A1	21.3501725599272	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CYP26B1	18.4163514020082	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CYP27B1	11.534611384678	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	CYP7A1	23.1808898355335	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	DDIT3	-12.3390273848391	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	DDIT4	14.063674192505	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	DDIT4L	55.742484829407	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	DDN	12.2263582198014	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	DEPP1	21.4528070541028	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	DHDH	32.2303956968178	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	DIO3	53.7364247659425	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	DIRAS3	12.4808860744133	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	DISP3	50.7934846073161	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	DKK2	57.8749545288422	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	DLL4	23.4454645348988	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	DLX2	54.5736473789028	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	DLX3	22.0438658812924	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	DNAJB1	-17.5611538564049	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	DPEP2	51.7819050755733	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	DUSP4	16.7009081913756	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	DYNC1I1	-13.6273390186506	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	E2F1	11.590589515281	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	EBF3	12.3826648435588	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	EFNB3	16.0471553484356	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	EGR1	52.7373998907818	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	EGR2	47.5126730941161	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	EGR3	52.5238512167429	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	EGR4	55.9466074755847	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ELN	12.9916332772078	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ELOVL3	21.8136617467921	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	EMX1	33.8571105486252	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	EN2	49.1896940072918	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ENTPD3	14.1825414806237	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	EPHA4	30.3379090876406	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ESAM	16.3339294737741	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	EXOC3L1	12.7668586593148	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	EXOC3L2	11.8225496226933	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	EXPH5	36.8251968933535	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FABP3	11.9396170010806	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FAM117A	12.6491659890298	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FAM131B	14.4322582526384	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FAM19A3	28.0572413224925	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FAM57B	14.9601473650142	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FAM83D	18.0577506623189	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	FAM83G	-15.7567619950549	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FAM84A	21.9378155321763	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FAM90A1	11.6261328572629	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FAT4	16.0375171062907	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FBXL22	14.0824408174903	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	FBXO2	-18.6151120043657	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FBXO41	12.9550302906493	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FGF12	23.5845328864585	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FGFR3	16.0845565538606	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FHDC1	52.5275007713898	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FITM1	21.6617465433538	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	FNIP2	-15.8596549596107	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FOS	44.5399159337323	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FOSB	48.4630092682655	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXA3	23.9165849793267	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXC1	51.5964982360629	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXD1	16.9354940864276	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXE1	33.1094759022778	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXF1	17.7011614865477	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXL2	31.2934897998457	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXL2NB	26.1333468741403	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FOXQ1	55.081347433459	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FREM1	15.7489024834179	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FSCN3	23.6056374965666	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FSD2	19.619320323436	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FST	23.2353515680716	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	FTL	-19.6292118343914	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FUT3	14.2219046433264	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FXYD1	14.5372487349629	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FXYD6	18.0801138325192	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FZD1	13.3212954668272	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FZD7	18.2890109576286	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	FZD8	12.4399288572398	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	G0S2	12.7526827063518	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GABRR2	14.6899653317919	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GAD1	18.4403344835388	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GADD45B	41.964827647428	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GAS1	18.4104563109447	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GATA3	55.3615392199671	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GCH1	13.668404483282	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	GCKR	-17.9033782220732	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GCM1	13.9113594961757	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GCNT4	21.6789644005627	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GDNF	45.7481958111041	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GDNF-AS1	11.5105562915538	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GJA5	17.8599244960612	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GJB2	52.6137691721056	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GLP1R	16.9465629737916	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GNG4	28.1852612442096	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GOLGA7B	17.2076762169117	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GPR150	22.5596066836186	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GPR161	14.1050517783531	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GPR19	13.1420306511523	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GPR22	15.5454451582138	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GPR83	52.876206244918	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GRAP	16.7385573318075	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GRHL1	15.5236587444311	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GSTM3	12.9900415222299	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GSX2	11.5570507111374	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	GTF2B	19.6669797631407	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HAP1	12.0056664160857	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HAS3	52.8871110308275	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HAUS8	11.9654804728654	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HEPH	14.4669272488713	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HES7	16.2483872602857	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HEXIM1	50.1553347539809	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIGD1B	22.1445145822024	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H1A	17.5970106781346	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H1D	54.6065980784327	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H1E	31.5244430814645	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2AB	26.0668086912162	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2AE	48.9657264313288	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2AH	16.703596491224	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2AM	29.8473667736548	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2BE	27.0449719917201	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2BG	48.4670894024679	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2BK	48.3946556912064	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H2BO	12.6040114755195	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H3A	22.8470122514333	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H3D	12.0657739848974	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H3E	15.4844857791775	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H3H	13.3157335373365	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H3J	29.7686791106986	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H4A	12.1986398508991	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST1H4D	14.1477253583076	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST2H2AB	21.6869175688541	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST2H2AC	12.9957668701799	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HIST2H2BE	17.145801834088	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HK2	14.3575065756965	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	HKDC1	-12.833524224605	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HOPX	16.5330937603845	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HOXD1	53.9909154886095	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HRH2	11.625492986482	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HSD17B6	24.8810857935166	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	HSPA1B	-14.9156573673628	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	HSPA8	-16.5615538652266	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HSPB3	14.840122640082	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HSPB6	17.1153949974004	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HTR1B	13.3632156316481	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HTR3B	19.7390399504295	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	HTRA1	16.1264016275963	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ID1	51.6242808338737	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ID2	48.1351965986312	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	IDH2	12.5638032727515	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	IGDCC3	18.1163246752181	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	IGFBP3	17.8688823635243	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	IGFBP5	14.0496383478268	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	IGFL3	21.277118533049	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	IGFLR1	16.0940158396196	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	IGSF22	21.7228004406554	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	IL12A	14.6867687093252	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	IL6R	-19.2304385033241	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ING1	15.7450713976341	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	INHBB	34.9790271552289	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	INSM1	54.6385500859806	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	INSM2	51.228345859026	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	IRF1	13.4316804966236	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	IRF4	49.0653448452585	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	IRF8	11.4895823186354	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	IRS4	32.3263515238334	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ISG20	13.2300502780024	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ITGAM	52.9946917369192	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ITGB1BP2	14.0722414528876	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ITGB7	26.3523074308354	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	JPH2	11.9070394260394	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KBTBD8	21.4361269903895	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KCNA2	20.7845053454609	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KCNA3	19.2212233435731	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KCNG3	15.1617867185488	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KCNH4	15.6559451653365	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KCNIP3	18.2316655298693	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KCNJ5	15.4402016207748	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KCNQ1	12.1989860014986	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KDM4D	14.7577679713784	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KIAA1324	14.854270876969	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KIF20A	17.2999220814389	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KL	54.2720273109107	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KLF10	30.8715093023498	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KLF4	24.429462464897	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KLF5	25.9631459487907	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KLHL13	15.1863355587657	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	KLLN	21.2051891853374	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	L3MBTL3	21.5025465042147	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LDB3	21.607376935748	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LEF1	54.0606600536864	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LEFTY1	15.296119433852	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LEFTY2	12.4887762783446	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LETM2	12.8836716271905	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LGR5	28.531189362542	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LGSN	48.9230490519703	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LMOD1	16.7066362706912	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC100506571	13.2818496694315	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC100996574	15.4478149253923	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC101927245	19.1892159163665	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC101928764	18.3239201799248	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC101929372	13.6173071756873	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC105370687	13.0333653841967	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC105376341	21.954367237899	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LOC107986192	17.7635257864957	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LONRF3	17.3725508001594	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LOXL2	13.2302122566528	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LRRC10	16.9814704086328	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LRRC71	14.6595285167461	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LRRN4	14.2235283280087	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LTB4R	21.7044308981964	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	LYPD4	21.9611626772442	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MADCAM1	16.8370498713674	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MAFB	42.2423805559861	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	MAP2	-15.7278315553881	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MAP4K1	17.8790085106597	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MASP1	18.0620300383388	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MB	20.0870210980373	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MCOLN3	13.7462390334859	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MDGA1	25.0653634545895	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MDK	12.2840486545809	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MEFV	17.4897435558786	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MEGF6	12.4902582058794	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	MET	-11.9657241788101	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	METTL21C	53.0842926410111	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MEX3A	11.8174890241034	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MEX3B	20.292133747636	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MFAP3L	28.6081179700053	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MFAP4	24.0914499357423	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MFSD2A	23.0491856995531	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MGP	12.3016788760217	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	MICALL2	-18.524159013508	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MILR1	13.0947284329543	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MKI67	20.2140449169011	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MKX	25.8356915647285	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MLIP	12.6845960525938	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MLN	12.3408015166599	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	MMP1	-19.9266293829466	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MMP25	12.6949335390409	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MN1	17.3754114337089	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MR1	21.74638353247	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MSX1	23.3932552476951	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MSX2	19.1449997092938	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MTF1	29.8259634563826	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MTFR2	32.821233511708	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MTUS2	14.0295226778307	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MXRA5	11.9131895046558	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYB	55.1701451484021	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYBL2	12.2105604079634	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYBPC3	13.4119934884709	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYC	55.4037116000552	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYCL	53.0821651415955	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYCN	11.6760232927676	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	MYH14	-14.9619097471067	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYH6	17.9860914574008	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYH7	22.7025947932555	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYL2	18.0226551830041	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYL3	23.288947346035	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYL4	17.5439225732562	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYL7	22.2767940074359	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYL9	14.302097017257	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYLK3	16.1403313086965	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYOCD	16.54542239274	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYOM1	17.5697453406173	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	MYZAP	13.4870686059081	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NAV1	12.3836746500753	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NDNF	58.5655674135511	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NDRG1	34.8087220314581	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NEFH	51.6852022170903	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NEUROG2	32.7165851631557	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NHLH2	49.4219566492917	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NIPSNAP2	13.1460190455994	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NKPD1	24.5719932762609	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NKX3-1	22.7946460280744	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NOTCH1	11.7711906136509	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	NPC1	-12.2898259262081	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NPPA	14.0252511848134	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NPPB	14.5465306665888	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NPPC	54.6632985490734	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NPTX2	26.3934213448191	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NPY1R	28.9162879685088	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NR0B1	31.5886000665577	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NR3C2	14.7729913627346	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NR4A2	26.5169057020989	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NRARP	14.0666348917067	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NREP	23.9958175460486	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NRG1	22.8723746248153	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NUSAP1	22.4172626824292	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NWD2	29.4164414970866	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	NXT2	11.9497703599801	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	OAT	11.7701191963709	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	OLFML2A	13.6416121895323	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	OLFML3	12.716418220072	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	OLIG1	21.5615339900981	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	OR2B6	25.8343983350017	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	OSGIN1	-19.5060962093935	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	OTOS	20.8211113179494	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	OVOL1	51.6182046795088	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PCDH10	50.2863107038647	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PCDH17	48.3181156926704	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PCDH19	25.8003839134696	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PCDH8	49.6743419353128	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PCK2	15.4753911018347	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	PDK4	-16.3863206789221	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PEG10	18.5938658489263	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PERM1	19.869841761878	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PGAM2	14.5714668782043	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PHLDB2	13.592153370434	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PITX3	12.0461771703243	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PKD1L3	12.4586968352888	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PLEKHA7	13.0687214247439	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PLN	12.8642230146553	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PNLDC1	23.6105942053472	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PNP	40.6684582711251	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	POLG2	25.8795330305375	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	POLR2A	44.3350724859559	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	POU3F1	47.9361685951157	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	POU3F2	11.5247629902155	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	POU6F1	14.0089256682068	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PPP1R1A	16.4372395781129	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PPP1R3G	12.3696762662329	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PRDM16	12.9965906954638	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PRKCG	22.2379276443154	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PRR18	14.6520967158009	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PRSS35	16.6626692841277	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PRSS36	12.3580002367454	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PRSS42	12.1452202425697	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PRSS43	20.2912324998337	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PRTG	19.5268830041481	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	PSMD12	-11.8196648085595	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PTCH1	26.5439999205174	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PTCHD1	12.5516401371452	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PTGER2	21.3396540909043	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PTHLH	54.3970252472805	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PTN	14.9072863037964	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PTPN5	15.4998166455127	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	PTPRN	-15.7380203067682	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	PYROXD2	12.6753988330865	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RARG	30.8151761823744	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RASL11A	18.4906140160782	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RCAN2	12.968790605737	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RCC1	18.449966364245	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RCSD1	18.2583919471808	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	REM2	14.5614386092539	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RET	13.3833685437712	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RGCC	29.0121700302634	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RGMA	16.2850879139391	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RGMB	19.8024951900287	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RGS16	46.7275278037436	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RGS2	48.8651552740602	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RGS20	16.9185170712651	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RGS4	15.1671419229713	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RGS5	20.0938576212479	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RHBDL3	17.2849925033708	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RHCE	25.2747847951774	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RHEBL1	12.6296897721963	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RND1	35.0967606366771	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RNF207	20.3684248060136	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RRM2	16.7644602373179	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	RRP12	-12.6309003466176	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RSPH6A	18.3065553370418	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RTN4RL1	15.7296867990547	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RUBCNL	11.6373050165429	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	RUNX3	47.5767985763391	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SALL1	49.5313308858557	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SALL4	14.1553277821376	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SATB2	24.9051171276611	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SCUBE3	17.7019872569095	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SDC4	18.8439624340495	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SELENOW	12.5148014255341	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SETD1B	11.6086213502398	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SFRP2	23.3275454575253	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SFRP5	18.1954358766579	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SGK1	47.1886035213679	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SHISA2	23.742858990565	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SHISA7	12.2760972795449	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SIX2	50.3289070166676	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SIX4	52.0928351641868	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC15A2	11.7477722740686	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC16A6	51.1803665543138	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC17A7	12.4338891807974	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC1A2	17.4490473457318	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC25A47	26.3435267685723	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC26A8	18.9025367799171	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC28A3	16.9622966693978	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC30A1	16.3152920383627	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC37A2	14.2495699655261	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC3A1	11.4793319754996	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	SLC3A2	-14.6440695789696	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC43A1	14.2741319370805	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC43A2	12.2760718908194	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC45A2	19.4087285632921	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC4A11	46.366545773261	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC5A1	24.4869846185159	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC6A4	12.1321067897793	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC8A1	11.5841423497909	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLC9A5	19.0543755039414	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLFN12L	20.471412684668	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLFN13	11.7389329308812	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLFN5	16.1103889619362	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SLIT3	12.4994794197525	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SMOC1	12.6964518495605	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SMYD1	15.7845540465978	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SNAI1	46.41215102431	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SOWAHA	26.5481616026622	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SOWAHC	14.2906144650253	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SOX3	56.5988491172195	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SOX30	13.946634993203	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SOX4	20.3401554453564	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SOX9	53.5429319507337	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SPHK1	40.3316870759077	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SPHKAP	15.8681171260784	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SPON1	14.1637919108357	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SPSB1	14.6554713172758	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	SQSTM1	-14.6820320881848	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SRL	15.6053006628913	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SRPX	14.0172073588709	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	SRXN1	-15.1425701864183	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ST14	16.230464973251	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ST8SIA6	21.5738234701642	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	STAB1	13.5437633386913	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	SULT1E1	13.4725584439873	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TAGLN	19.2005116495639	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TAPBPL	12.8481053517827	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TAS1R1	12.8237079139082	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TBC1D2	20.3118148874937	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TBX21	21.0255974584395	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TBX4	13.3514906966165	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TCAP	22.6510933846776	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TCF24	14.3711096815314	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TEX14	17.0009461693684	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TFAP2A	13.5929645571769	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TFCP2L1	29.3448631517208	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TGIF1	15.3446386220271	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TGM2	13.7851304154811	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	THPO	16.5262431002062	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	THRB	15.074897022659	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TLCD1	20.5654555720835	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TLE3	21.6579394832083	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TMCC2	17.0524271119097	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TMEFF2	14.8761878005499	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TMEM100	32.914024553455	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TMEM151B	12.1035089376008	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TMEM200A	12.7552747137276	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TMEM200B	21.656648710197	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TMEM253	12.5439318035726	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TNFAIP3	28.1472624364546	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TNFRSF10D	43.211830405673	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TNFSF9	23.7126803558932	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TNNC1	16.7963908383362	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TNNI1	24.3188603370707	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TNNT2	15.8372067140615	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TOP2A	22.4086506160671	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TPBG	51.244248377068	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TPM1	16.8080856078704	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TRIM71	31.2897163315846	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TSHZ3	18.0442926924732	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TSPAN11	12.5076052224702	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TSPOAP1	12.6521418285795	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TTC21A	11.6031971173987	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	TUBA1C	-13.2486808485347	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TULP2	12.1800438939323	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	TWNK	11.6894675501822	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	UBC	-18.1607767999321	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	UCHL1	-12.4322922770014	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	UCP1	17.726453538974	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ULBP1	17.5480406457565	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ULBP2	46.304635327477	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	UNC45B	12.8163252843429	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	USHBP1	19.7353868731112	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	USP49	15.9571166470063	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	VCAM1	19.9285941715372	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	VDR	25.2212338877908	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	VGLL3	15.6102590492244	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	VSIG10	17.1969801920985	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	WDR74	14.7287481504944	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	WHRN	43.6269394955835	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ZBTB11	13.1670013355509	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ZBTB7C	20.73278180665	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ZC3H12A	31.3618876734521	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ZC3H12D	17.9057296462414	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ZCCHC12	46.8283641886	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	Pink	ZFAND2A	-16.4641771022858	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ZFHX4	12.9846977942659	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ZFP36	17.1672617164253	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ZIC2	31.1681896526806	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ZIC3	22.5065181585837	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ZIK1	14.2769755686786	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ZNF425	22.1522178854898	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ZNF646	19.5375150449751	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	Pink	ZSCAN10	20.1729809696437	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	regular response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	A2M	28.7154033883512	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ABCA12	53.8840542410624	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ABCA13	-19.79786794109	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ABHD15	20.300925244689	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ABHD5	15.3748008629042	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ACER2	45.2593100283574	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ACHE	51.805008718654	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ACKR3	-15.2186882955566	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ACTA1	-26.4194872140097	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ACTC1	-32.00874152001	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS1	-17.287855443532	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS10	-14.654249997263	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS12	-16.4586250190438	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS14	-26.2303413947364	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS15	13.9276048639513	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS17	49.266531699638	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS7	54.1187426596374	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTSL5	-33.6726123881738	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADGRG1	-25.9454904071718	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	AEBP1	-20.392518968118	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	AEN	37.859964703495	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	AGRN	28.9128167126401	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ALAS2	-14.952442990118	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ALDOC	-36.7812443496415	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ALOXE3	-14.0957758793644	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ANK1	22.0512240039309	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ANKRD33	16.272445909029	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ANKRD45	22.3447089373554	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ANXA4	24.6997998129004	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	AP3B2	35.0966353282662	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	APCDD1	17.7700995876597	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	APLN	39.6707837832522	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	APLP1	50.781306477242	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	APOBEC2	38.79302174295	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	AQP1	-14.1646438469251	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	AQP3	31.7108508209523	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ARC	-18.4700734689333	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ARHGAP33	-15.6483507616663	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ARMC9	30.6703096354409	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ASCC3	16.1141973349974	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ASPG	-26.0466808577237	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ASTN1	-23.5751136232214	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ATF3	-19.6694203058679	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ATP1A2	-15.8018056644577	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ATP1A3	-28.7588137020241	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ATP1B4	-28.1389110922135	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ATP2B1	14.1384726622978	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	B4GALNT1	-16.8860706556802	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	BAG3	-15.8167212337072	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	BBC3	16.8724782828495	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	BCO2	-20.5299242240475	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	BIK	21.0005033007636	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	BIRC5	16.1795609245527	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	BSPRY	14.7601196251787	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	BTBD19	50.4118869169885	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	C12ORF45	16.466287543904	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	C1ORF115	-15.9780484732245	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	C1S	-15.668160558662	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	C9ORF106	56.1451556813385	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CA8	-16.1958923189369	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CABYR	27.6445129220226	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CACNA1G	16.2118247047769	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CALCOCO2	-13.9901795290042	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CARNS1	56.8301834876888	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CATSPERG	39.3426993915569	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CCDC141	17.0862341089838	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CCDC3	55.4230212248626	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCR7	-23.888172268207	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CD44	-17.0536132543717	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CDH3	14.9506841838858	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CDK1	14.4734962407941	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDK18	-25.3135704536127	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CDKN1A	44.2505729599123	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CEBPA	35.4795132457448	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CEBPB	14.0055369500953	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CEMIP2	28.9169958028068	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CEP131	-17.2076211229304	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CES2	21.5991503998462	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CES3	50.0742364200617	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CHRD	27.844011349243	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CHRM4	16.3232222327291	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CLCN7	14.8601213962634	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CLCNKA	55.0943906251606	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CLDN9	22.780563876357	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CLIC5	19.4156228564539	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CLIP3	-20.3236021457809	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CLPB	-14.8202839505672	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CLU	-20.9734333592987	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	COBLL1	16.8467113937949	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	COL27A1	16.1318183742316	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CPA4	-13.9784654840043	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CPAMD8	-20.2951255718736	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CPE	53.0843328909105	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CPNE5	18.529568977229	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CREB3L1	20.7601266182346	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CROCC	14.1503403326938	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CRTAC1	34.4321503602334	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CRYAB	-31.0017315856137	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CRYBB1	-22.47274549308	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CSF1	51.6871653036093	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CSNK1G1	15.4709709236931	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CSRNP1	-20.0338584698713	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CTNS	15.2821432776572	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CTSD	-14.7629028672439	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CTSV	16.5492518095775	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CXCL3	-16.1279651224213	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CYB5R1	-18.0583739601542	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	CYGB	20.4757183903258	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	CYR61	-16.0637337293827	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DAB1	-15.218697478749	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DCHS1	-17.8561715731422	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DDB2	49.6548411768281	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DDIT3	-17.5709934096599	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DENND2D	25.6001374108922	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DENND6B	17.5094090589709	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DGKI	15.5035955829608	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DMAC1	17.0133084599366	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DNAH17	-15.7209700205954	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DNAJB1	-33.372903522568	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DNM1	-16.751008134559	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DOCK8	14.2668647754279	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DPEP3	20.9209515736399	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DPP3	-14.0890873741546	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DPY19L2	15.9591302166312	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DRAM1	19.0922910531187	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DRP2	-19.9700493244774	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	DUSP2	15.6167794668222	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	DYNC1I1	-23.9543078826168	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	EAF1	-16.1456870513208	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	EDA2R	27.0950213573583	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	EDEM1	16.5216719531452	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	EEF1A2	-27.1556782660733	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	EGR2	35.4408295932834	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	EGR4	-13.949999946618	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	EI24	25.5108448568993	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ELL3	20.5058086114376	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	EMP3	-24.4207178476418	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	EN2	19.1992165429196	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ENDOD1	54.0348938372904	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ENO2	-21.1250632344333	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	EOMES	-16.522580278923	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	EPB41L4B	54.6551196065305	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ERBB3	-15.4027986652879	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ERRFI1	-14.9942112868893	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ERV3-1	22.8969841291826	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ESPN	16.5238090092558	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ETNPPL	52.1603472123562	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAM198B	20.422428714495	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FAM241B	-19.2561825360618	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAM78A	14.7420119101532	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAM84A	16.6039155493482	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAM84B	14.7724612900172	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAS	45.6399916533727	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FBXL22	14.325652435052	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FBXO2	26.4159342878598	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FBXO22	15.7581228405862	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FBXO32	21.159897376567	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FDXR	41.4010954606337	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FGF11	-23.8890758548559	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FGF18	-15.4645722806133	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FGFR3	15.5540648048194	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FHDC1	-14.6576666462076	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FLRT3	-15.434666813004	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FNIP2	35.6999896838694	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FOS	-22.5180264193648	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FOSB	-17.8626866814193	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FOSL1	-16.0372896204249	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FOXQ1	-15.4487940889462	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FSCN1	18.513256506938	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FSTL3	-17.6645837808609	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	FTL	-27.5391926264359	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FUCA1	20.5701878489526	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	FZD8	14.1145495244077	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	G0S2	15.8340618896746	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GAB2	-14.0057678094653	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GABRA4	-21.5104224418614	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GADD45B	-27.9838602265533	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GALE	14.3716583206498	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GALNT5	53.616203575273	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GALR2	14.6553786690229	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GCKR	-28.0462654009184	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GCLM	-14.5552005416717	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GCNT3	-14.8981655861345	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GDF15	47.9769484928567	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GDNF	32.3844210140167	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GDNF-AS1	18.6118491411482	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GFPT2	-24.7248253376211	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GGN	22.6281183785168	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GLS2	52.5326245518501	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GNG7	-13.9302028479065	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GOLGA7B	14.9059272872148	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GPNMB	45.4023888155367	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GPR35	14.1858406125289	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GPR87	17.5277576950423	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GPSM1	-22.8233199997663	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GPX1	28.8826387205639	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GPX8	-23.077286384427	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GRHL3	16.8425275904771	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GRIN2C	48.9117369171602	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	GUCY1A1	14.0780527930347	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	GYG2	-17.527485846017	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	H1F0	27.116672882727	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	H2AFJ	47.6347850663336	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	H6PD	15.7700515027844	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HAP1	39.0325891544225	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HAPLN3	40.6366658474336	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HAS3	-15.3146797301693	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HERC4	15.2758281938437	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HES6	18.7781248522367	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HIF3A	-41.5131002725039	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H1C	52.0783390444229	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2AC	14.2438652722416	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2AE	37.9577929618385	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2AG	46.2551651941814	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2AH	16.8426680074955	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2AI	14.1072860529358	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2AK	14.4272862313743	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2AM	15.3389158717877	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2BD	20.0122461914406	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2BE	16.0598449831038	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2BF	46.3736532078974	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2BG	37.0940592614257	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2BJ	16.9787760155435	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H2BK	36.9685903655329	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H3D	46.0929463624303	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H3H	40.4543199639051	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H4B	15.5941902867145	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H4D	24.8483574677339	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST1H4H	47.9859794837241	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST2H2BE	28.6631894949893	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIST3H2A	27.6675131564725	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HKDC1	-21.1129748627554	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HMGCS1	-16.5907198522394	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HOPX	-14.009560458096	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HOXD1	-17.3376285802892	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HPX	14.8834870535929	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HRC	-31.5905439355242	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HRK	-19.9817368177333	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HSD17B14	15.1516861599642	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSP90AA1	-21.96486695763	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSP90AB1	-16.6438650399843	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSPA1B	-24.2004374328517	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSPA6	-35.1558680229656	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSPA8	-28.3407527169927	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	HSPB3	18.7265633841132	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSPB6	-14.2680257221871	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSPH1	-13.9861161967203	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ICAM1	34.3041021957402	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ICAM4	15.7927871895388	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	IDH2	16.3896791465438	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	IFI30	50.7947550607335	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	IGFL3	50.2959553177581	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	IKBIP	20.9371710490067	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	IL31RA	-18.8385242643456	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	IL4R	40.1096112916431	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	IL6R	26.6209985688407	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	INAFM2	15.7568794533039	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	INF2	-20.8052877188567	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	INHBA	-15.7301081933793	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	INPP1	22.2886925796282	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	INPP5D	15.3959876750062	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	INSYN2	24.1013418339286	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ISG20	21.3070073056469	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ISYNA1	26.2816671524285	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ITGAM	-19.0632766522998	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ITGB1BP2	14.1478389492	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ITM2A	29.5715238936639	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	JAK2	-18.9176537258727	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	JPH2	16.32818013421	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KCNA7	51.0034550007377	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KCNJ5	28.2733274589857	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KCNQ4	22.5266756480121	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KCTD12	27.7450642185962	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KDSR	15.7212770586756	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIAA0930	-17.2723800462787	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF1A	-32.6169149048465	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF7	-16.7157069856437	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KLF10	18.3612807192319	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KLHL29	17.4742267573719	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	KLHL40	-14.6729095781636	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KLLN	39.0103072591667	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	KRTAP19-1	22.1050910517335	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LACC1	35.1447903546503	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LDB3	-23.5886664369901	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LDHD	-17.227626134595	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LDLR	-14.7818861229541	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LFNG	50.1604781391793	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LGALS3	17.3181733645678	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LGALS3BP	-20.5629641928554	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LGSN	37.8838676641494	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LIF	25.5950085011486	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LIMD2	19.1832435381069	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LITAF	47.4144177692429	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LMOD2	-35.080301575259	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LOC100129940	21.3685846072252	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LOC101927245	16.3091419500007	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LOC101927789	24.4526540333685	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LOC101928841	-19.9730682097963	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LOC101930307	18.7566438755258	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LOC105372798	15.7103194800214	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LOC107985103	14.8606231558359	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LOC107987044	-19.4119130047107	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LONRF3	40.7407142311669	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LOXL4	19.0942465189227	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LRPAP1	16.109481118849	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LRRC15	-14.5488031367952	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LRRC4B	-20.4344075725881	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	LRRC8E	-14.5169051076388	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	LSR	29.4647967973474	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAF	31.8699266451176	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAFB	26.311685521057	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAFF	-16.7783234101279	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAGEF1	17.6831460398576	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAN2B1	-15.6570053116318	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAP1A	-21.5209739822289	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAP2	-20.7596693365242	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAP2K3	14.5031674049427	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAPK13	54.4704146138908	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAST1	-16.1541579239802	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MCAM	-25.0629683821806	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MCM4	14.1965682245048	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MCOLN3	45.9381202925983	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MCRIP1	16.4415513638067	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MDGA1	18.6140872015668	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MDM2	15.1421329770243	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MELTF	53.4149574046413	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MEP1A	17.8488725928063	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MET	-19.8391843228794	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MKI67	24.7430198654445	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MLLT11	-14.7971984712292	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MMP1	-34.5463024592364	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MMP10	-16.0674766184151	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MORC4	20.5460660172547	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MPP3	-16.7400244397865	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MTFR2	-14.951918547041	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MTUS1	14.0248322890407	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MUC19	52.644110417531	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MXD1	-13.961521301636	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MYBL2	17.3913304491538	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYC	-14.1853975279383	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYH14	-28.4839646613238	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYH15	-21.8579532767594	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYH6	-23.6536949285668	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYH7	-15.734222193374	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MYH7B	14.6849170921322	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYL2	-35.9583046397004	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYL3	-24.6723762082597	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MYL5	16.1059444897052	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYL6B	-21.3253422017522	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYL7	-26.8062416548766	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MYLK3	18.3952191136103	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	MYOCD	20.9985141692875	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NABP1	52.3884966156861	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NADSYN1	48.91333700598	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NAT8L	22.690997333165	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NCR3LG1	23.2788546683437	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NECAB2	15.3719029968778	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NEFL	44.9165406132016	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NEFM	-23.5023694422027	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NEK8	45.7403686035271	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NETO2	15.7022071973334	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NEURL1	21.9882540976751	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NHLH2	38.7480700403409	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NIPSNAP2	14.1682190261201	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NME4	-26.2574980031538	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NOCT	23.6074977714184	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NOTCH1	17.2203906118593	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NPAS4	-18.1204792445483	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NPC1	-17.0981434883467	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NPPB	-42.2127543799484	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NPPC	-16.1729338719241	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NPTX2	35.0104754306916	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NQO1	48.9320159129071	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NR4A3	-29.0076039268954	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NRAP	-33.2722992128886	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NRIP3	-16.5179452620547	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NRTN	-18.7264431924988	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NT5DC3	25.8458853719385	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NTF4	15.1128760280745	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	NTN1	35.1903262274482	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	NXF1	-22.5954993493995	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	OBSCN	-18.2391967915079	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	OBSL1	17.3327035409752	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ODC1	19.5534067639463	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	OPLAH	-15.9186091590653	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	OR1J2	27.9260051628253	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	OSGIN1	-29.2698607100846	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	OTUD1	-21.8912998063235	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PAQR6	35.4444275498271	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PARP14	19.5929911905731	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PCDH8	-15.9198391261151	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PCNA	20.1500289471648	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PCYOX1L	32.3653918880619	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PCYT1B	-15.8059462426794	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PDE4C	47.1599359813413	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PDGFB	16.3686281790325	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PDPN	-15.504278321355	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PFKFB3	-18.0473883232892	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PGAM2	23.1413405077937	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PGPEP1	21.0833469462514	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PIDD1	23.0466158310071	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PLCE1	-14.5050801863652	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLD6	15.6452987049451	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLEKHF1	16.4865218983965	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PLEKHG4	-14.6623300827594	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLIN2	21.9510257596905	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLK3	42.8870847072381	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLN	22.8191525576114	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PLOD1	-14.7772995277497	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLPP7	14.1890585127981	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PMAIP1	41.5816558915865	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PNLDC1	-15.2665499138651	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PNP	-14.3111306511146	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	POLH	20.8246518412435	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	POLR2A	29.936623983061	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	POU3F1	36.1744039470017	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PPM1J	18.4775712882158	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PPP1R14C	16.8052642934318	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PPP1R1C	-16.407461516412	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PPY	14.3840937276234	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PRKX	30.3370164870253	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PRSS42	-26.7840264699341	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PSMC4	-16.778058788192	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PSMD12	-16.4338312076585	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PSMD14	-17.5997478590843	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PSMD2	-17.1014462943777	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PTHLH	-16.6341696225142	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PTP4A1	28.198806253256	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PTPRN	-30.9601761164463	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PXDN	-14.8786963025152	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	PYGM	-47.2855156591658	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	PYROXD2	19.0022444607064	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RAB17	16.7123318861674	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RAB7B	17.0119111951475	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RABL2A	55.2348813947688	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RAP2B	18.5219055335656	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RBM11	-19.4358018067132	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RETSAT	26.7875203019898	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RGMA	45.5071162524405	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RGS16	34.0808093626071	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RGS2	-18.2189540881352	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RGS5	22.9801579757918	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RIMKLA	-19.1816699282529	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RNASE7	52.9910655872871	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RPA1	14.5758303476992	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RPS27L	15.4098000016703	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RPUSD4	-16.4317358599512	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RRM2	23.4375676156566	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RRM2B	49.2201494366064	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RRP12	-17.7053156976311	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RSAD2	-20.1456947993689	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RSRP1	19.9846092499381	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RTL5	14.5385221697936	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	RTL8C	14.1429173078771	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	RXRG	-20.7521012917933	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	S100A16	-21.2060450942719	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	S100A4	-18.1237506214352	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SALL4	19.3368172209954	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SAT1	-23.0959550743887	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SCN4B	32.2967923600496	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SCNN1D	19.5505108100041	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SDC1	40.1829399201957	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SEMA4A	16.2009220909798	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SERPINB9	18.4486310013848	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SESN1	17.1205174950399	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SESN2	35.3772863887364	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SGCA	-23.7932672832772	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SGCG	-14.4447500021768	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SGK1	-19.5414297944284	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SGMS2	17.7353067561415	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SH2D2A	24.6353224306721	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SH2D5	40.2730149395182	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SH3TC2	-26.0523967122006	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SHC2	-26.3215363593744	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SHE	14.9194375540544	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SHISAL2A	14.1981988734241	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SHPK	26.6400262521368	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SIGIRR	-17.6478165605849	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SIX4	-14.6251640975388	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC12A8	-14.0926190546874	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC16A12	17.170980280701	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC1A5	33.1313103060317	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC26A2	14.8158639304776	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC26A5	17.1164003866136	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC30A1	15.2312208620898	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC35G2	18.2418858284069	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC36A1	20.0845544604441	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC47A1	-14.3051212264877	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC4A11	33.4555201704193	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC5A1	-15.6956324772211	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC5A3	18.9627889226916	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC6A20	57.8799811065231	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC7A11	-18.4555582359384	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC9A1	24.4465797644419	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLFN13	18.5146167861738	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLIT2	16.5055976442111	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SMIM14	17.0732953220722	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SNAI1	33.5345170959721	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SNX10	-18.0777063604906	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SORCS3	-14.349956870782	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SOX9	-15.6229062483786	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SP6	-15.7889779653665	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SPATA18	33.8187616384548	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SPHK1	23.0020028172409	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPOCK1	-17.9946899726849	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SPRED3	41.0060804895418	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SRL	-36.5823330955631	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SRPK3	-28.1276429722071	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SRXN1	-26.7183543091319	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ST14	20.8829582903802	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ST6GALNAC2	35.3111998214763	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	STAT1	15.4439538510387	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	STC2	49.7216091100617	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	STX3	14.0932353579312	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SULF2	50.4146207081661	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SULT1A1	-20.2133637723418	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SULT2A1	18.2973405693075	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SYDE1	-17.119588774955	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SYNJ2	17.5614479411564	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SYNPO2	-18.4700680494198	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SYNPO2L	23.8647570823905	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SYT12	48.7767752643534	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	SYT13	-17.4599583191162	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	SYTL1	19.2127297800222	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TAC1	-14.1731947104345	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TBC1D10C	19.0103232048346	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TCAP	-24.5121081317468	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TCEA3	15.5650489072424	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TCTEX1D4	53.2756889859322	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TDRD10	23.6472897389263	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TECRL	16.6582330758114	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TEP1	20.8218925746556	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TGFB1I1	-35.5697005025526	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TGFBI	17.6446522147381	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	THNSL2	18.0910778478995	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TIGAR	51.1559607028481	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TLCD1	17.4685011902366	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM100	24.5912981717261	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM129	18.0964274567854	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM158	15.9952065718769	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM176B	19.2017641025818	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM192	14.141509289352	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM229B	25.5897221521223	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMX4	14.7624786848441	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF10A	35.7684043744895	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF10B	35.1057290373361	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF10C	42.826265417408	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF10D	27.9909561278714	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF21	18.4815962052105	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNNI1	-25.8754849429632	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNNI3	-37.4499111780079	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TOP2A	19.6368951117437	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TP53I11	29.8862751733118	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TP53I3	29.6869584097545	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TP53INP1	21.2357355573572	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TRANK1	15.8351557842124	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TRIM22	26.4309178431212	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TRPV1	36.903271598043	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TSGA10	19.1547933470115	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TSHZ2	-15.7844531797186	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TSPAN11	41.8990224709202	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TSPOAP1	-20.7702078692828	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TTYH2	-14.2326538729685	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TUBA1C	-23.9975015686202	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TUBA4A	-15.2681583964341	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TUBB	-15.5554088512154	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TUBB3	19.5454926111646	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	TUBB4A	-26.9639863813807	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	TXNRD1	22.2407117547304	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	UBA7	-14.1452392174345	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	UBC	-30.0553171613811	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	UCHL1	-17.8656686197947	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	UCP2	14.9337388316417	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	UFD1	-13.9713574676936	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ULBP1	15.126127070058	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ULBP2	-23.6967169670447	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	UNC45B	-21.0153398407681	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	UNK	14.7720962066882	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	UNKL	-18.0963600793587	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	VAMP1	17.5775765079249	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	VSTM4	-14.5183177218833	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	VWCE	44.7722233518202	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	WDR17	19.0822780359441	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	WDR63	49.6815990457742	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	WHRN	28.7100036304645	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	WSB1	16.1089817482713	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	XIRP1	-14.2267175565836	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	XIRP2	-51.715385584047	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	XPC	30.3096138321463	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	YBX3	18.3539225735891	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZC3HAV1	18.814727234779	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZCCHC12	34.2554770643369	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ZFAND2A	-30.0993923246102	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZMAT3	27.1852941848437	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZNF117	22.675633264298	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Down	LightSkyBlue	ZNF365	-14.7854917758811	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZNF423	24.4449835515056	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZNF561	14.3606378274745	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZNF844	19.4164539033596	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
doxorubicin - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - outlier response	0	min	doxorubicin - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZSCAN4	14.3262240795783	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	doxorubicin	Anthracycline	DOX	outlier response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	A2M	4.36092351073436	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	AACS	1.27053408360212	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ABCA1	-4.4653241118318	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ABCC9	1.86110348165348	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ABCG1	-2.18439687953192	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ABTB2	-1.16314050803878	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ACAN	-1.79717049814481	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ACAT2	7.70058280375664	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ACLY	2.08067747589943	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ACSM5	-1.12029937369657	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ACSS2	1.24785724395263	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ACTA2	-1.84584572992314	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ADAM11	1.58923566448765	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ADAM33	1.36308295526525	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ADAMTS10	1.46603987974085	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ADAMTS12	-2.37178319882711	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ADAMTS7	1.32956812359211	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ADAMTSL1	-1.45335094154566	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ADAMTSL5	1.8870623804127	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ADGRG6	-1.67463625527539	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	AIF1L	-1.58241613562614	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ALCAM	-1.36813188017204	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	AMIGO2	-1.88602239512121	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ANGPT1	-1.44470505317419	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ANKRD1	-4.37575961211272	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ANKS1B	-1.12817103131474	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ANO1	-1.21352808902823	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ANTXR1	-1.27952798748548	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	APOL4	-2.05570862617116	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	AQP7	1.60198957969735	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ARC	-1.50926151971721	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ARG2	-1.45785207955151	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ARID5A	1.2192749986523	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ARID5B	-1.10834466316138	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ARL4C	-1.30053880452258	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ARL5B	-1.38002281515176	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ARRDC4	-2.29832801444282	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ARVCF	1.27291583509815	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ASCL1	1.17220272396973	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ASNS	-2.84168555801062	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ATF3	-1.5462787893258	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ATF5	-1.69106692816766	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ATP13A3	-2.19621625388671	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ATP1A2	1.478316764399	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ATP1B4	-1.22306186428884	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	BAIAP2	-1.62030144200674	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	BCAR1	1.33789256384249	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	BCAT1	-1.62971888998658	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	BDNF	-1.11825407527161	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	BHLHE40	2.76613316812503	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	BHMT	-1.28192148663136	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	BMF	2.01938871871478	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	BOC	2.07747111909659	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	BRIP1	-1.15549461653203	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	BST2	1.22240391549487	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	BTG2	1.66438567795157	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	C12ORF75	1.37005466189128	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	C19ORF66	1.37229548257879	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	C1QA	-1.14844553271232	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	C1QB	-2.23239615205573	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	C1QC	-2.43167277742608	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	C1QL1	1.65800390893395	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	C1R	1.31575766922263	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	C3	1.38464557953474	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	C3ORF58	-1.77876989130489	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	C6ORF222	1.12376764268785	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	C6ORF223	6.78763616884753	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CACNA2D2	2.05187986941388	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CALM1	-1.56842178562044	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CALN1	1.32774218991156	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CAMK1G	-1.12176857105217	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CAT	-1.20196749743993	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CAVIN2	-2.07462760329859	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CAVIN3	1.41262509343124	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CBLN2	-1.13104087836735	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CCDC141	-2.02392693092634	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CCDC85A	1.21169303523959	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CCL21	-5.68694719993574	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CCR7	-1.35688971533259	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CD24	1.68865936328204	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CD248	2.04211471216921	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CDC6	-2.21813488889145	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CDH1	-1.4549449386146	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CDH11	-1.9222932001183	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CDH8	1.19429827770713	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CDHR1	1.67237179548017	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CDKN1A	1.79272540651763	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CEBPD	3.42272682716027	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CERS4	1.47328517517354	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CFH	1.37510907081414	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CFI	1.17472419972634	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CGNL1	-1.16460569437275	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CHCHD2	-8.95782081196061	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CHEK1	-1.12046910653693	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CHRNA3	1.41130558779581	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CIC	1.57367197361231	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CKB	-1.11127140655054	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CLCN6	1.87968138984105	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CLSPN	-1.88199826847764	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CLSTN2	-1.55563990951386	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CLU	1.71901362378275	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CMPK2	1.80111053915461	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CNRIP1	1.41873754312847	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CNTN4	-1.20832693657489	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CNTNAP1	1.42039750929161	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	COL13A1	-1.53578463632536	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	COL14A1	2.65782238639886	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	COL15A1	5.41768072401573	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	COL21A1	1.7750219420458	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	COL22A1	1.18871757692025	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	COL2A1	1.53657191366804	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	COL4A4	-1.34232076711984	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	COL6A1	1.3262020283749	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	COL9A2	-1.36863424388093	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	COL9A3	1.6681109363686	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	COLEC12	2.0667262447245	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CORIN	1.49241273734843	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	COX6A2	1.27229055262328	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CPAMD8	-1.10276309505004	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CPNE5	2.53796761277437	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CPXM1	1.48730732551692	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CRABP2	-4.45774163503713	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CREB3L1	1.11439921388592	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CRYBA4	-1.50311224173474	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CRYBB1	-3.28767503707612	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CRYBB3	-1.45272353214287	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CSF1	2.34359887206497	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CSRP3	2.30044622562931	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CTGF	-2.57926127015466	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	CTSB	-1.2266861317614	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CYP2J2	1.30256989798437	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CYP51A1	5.89901777318591	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	CYR61	1.96506691379352	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	DACT1	-1.18380644185447	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	DBI	1.29932907564309	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	DDX3Y	-1.30495412305264	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	DDX58	2.61046781944279	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	DES	1.33065278627381	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	DGKI	-6.41545171953426	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	DHCR24	6.66397366279249	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	DHCR7	9.58841580831851	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	DHRS9	-1.1901969663686	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	DLK1	3.95250109821849	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	DMKN	1.13712049021166	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	DOCK11	-1.09213037288958	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	DPYSL2	1.4086362312046	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	DRP2	-4.69492049408507	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	DTL	-1.31929861875455	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	DTX3L	2.86117777717184	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	DUSP6	-2.43011477779502	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	EBF1	1.37432988705212	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	EBP	2.14049694276808	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	EDN1	-1.33485044654393	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	EFEMP1	-1.68692335002759	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	EFHD1	-1.55407772820098	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	EFNB3	1.39791976608502	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	EGLN3	1.39275782787432	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	EGR2	-1.09245458663694	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	EIF1AY	-1.68355394298661	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ELF3	1.56735718451839	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ELL2	-1.21191874317567	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ELN	-2.24591739084555	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ENC1	-2.33915576350234	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	EPHA2	-1.4557005112571	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	EPHA4	-2.10342979082684	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	EPHA7	-1.14215578466772	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	EPHB3	-2.9927267858102	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	EPN3	1.71167559820825	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ERBB3	1.63906717022616	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	EREG	1.6707379244948	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ERG28	2.1274844184161	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ERRFI1	-2.09633103946804	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ETV4	-1.09609418896	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ETV5	-7.71243111663459	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	EYA4	-1.22760381148536	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	F2R	-1.43901208400704	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FADS1	2.03584326084983	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FADS2	3.73099454492604	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FAM124A	1.5160383693362	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FAM53B	1.5666898017213	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	FAM83G	-1.51429219535574	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FASN	10.4250245721658	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	FAT3	-1.38659152699395	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FBLN1	2.11753751077781	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FDFT1	5.63211078181532	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FDPS	6.57153559106038	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	FEN1	-1.12378013758698	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	FGF1	-1.60348546331268	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	FGF10	-1.12986957062777	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FGF18	1.58099544711642	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	FILIP1L	-1.73920608307006	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	FKBP5	-1.97112696671634	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FNDC5	1.21986320298264	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FOS	4.24956246735815	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	FREM1	-1.6263272219859	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FREM2	1.5503897031898	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	FRMD3	-2.61585022418476	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FSTL3	1.11803389530631	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FTL	1.58403992129468	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FXYD6	1.18120467348792	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	FZD2	1.33672355006463	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GABRA4	-1.15756155885939	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GARS	-1.13754487796747	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	GAS6	1.21592050512448	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GBP1	-2.3475899414261	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GDF2	-3.05818503709934	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GDF6	-2.02759272026248	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GFOD1	-2.50040562612675	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GIMAP8	-1.09330710861139	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GJA5	-2.3193226252361	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GLA	-1.18986632493518	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GLIPR1	-2.92671906611196	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	GLP2R	1.96662960037504	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	GNAO1	1.38214127006697	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	GPC1	1.44708621501478	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	GPNMB	2.700557218919	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GPR22	-1.50967312432953	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	GPSM1	1.20467557548173	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	GREM2	1.26546626386031	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GRIA3	-1.1113010454222	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GRK5	-1.11672523875531	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GSG1	-1.27153995636492	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	GUCY1A2	-1.80406363856878	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	H1FX	1.34316586650826	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	HAND1	1.09641663746533	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	HAND2	1.19922847082267	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	HAPLN1	-1.16887683717448	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	HBEGF	1.37395222464534	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	HELLS	-1.57095270454066	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	HELZ2	1.99664263523763	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	HES1	-1.5392528614518	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	HGF	-1.29427258027979	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	HKDC1	-1.32318493113795	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	HLA-B	1.15216896385734	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	HLA-C	1.20620676528191	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	HMGCR	6.46802146235851	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	HMGCS1	10.6579300020996	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	HRH1	1.77641301584649	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	HS3ST3A1	-1.18946602738462	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	HSD17B7	2.95785546054605	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	HSPA1B	-1.25439336536103	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	HSPA6	1.47674787453741	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	HSPB6	1.22470413116483	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	HTRA3	-1.65599178725919	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IDH1	1.6654856617171	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IDI1	5.57777491123752	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IFI35	1.25890871542704	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IFI44	1.69428635470144	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	IFI44L	-4.03830990956269	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IFI6	2.37850257895547	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IFIH1	2.87757882456457	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IFIT1	2.70152228454395	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IFIT2	1.83568383515415	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IFIT3	3.56118894019351	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IFITM2	1.16268331406314	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IFITM3	1.48790399468407	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IGF2	14.1357985435859	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	IGFBP2	-1.12490482563346	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IGFBP5	1.37361952308507	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	IGFBP7	-1.82348610069765	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IGSF9	1.8320035342639	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IL31RA	3.8417700302069	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	INHBA	-1.89049891619334	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	INSIG1	13.8964263936653	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IRF2BPL	1.31197611792865	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IRF9	2.48403942444012	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	IRX4	1.7776124889664	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ISLR	3.72327151786573	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ITGA1	-1.48688087090927	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ITGA11	-1.10115422385494	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ITGA4	-2.49794570558755	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ITGAV	-1.21687533712546	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ITGB2	1.14475382294408	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ITGB6	1.09574713593975	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ITPKB	-1.11766327057434	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	JUN	2.841552944995	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	JUNB	1.85540884112863	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	JUND	2.00710828954201	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	KBTBD13	1.27264542613627	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	KCNC4	1.38906429946844	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	KCNIP2	2.95453180768999	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	KCNJ4	1.09394807632576	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	KCNJ8	1.53332412566081	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	KCNK6	-1.16258856523374	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	KCNMB4	1.91620305204182	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	KCNQ3	-1.22967169231564	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	KCNV1	1.184695269016	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	KCTD17	-1.20882224380089	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	KIFAP3	-1.46989618878276	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	KITLG	-1.49297941081857	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	KLF10	-1.20586637507045	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	KLF2	1.31087085859917	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	KLF6	1.44724279709156	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	KLHL13	-1.15233563646402	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	KLHL3	-1.6085883081603	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	KRBA1	1.19170271139949	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	KRT19	1.1415445407797	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	KRT7	-1.14289168716942	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	KRT80	1.47236522824082	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	LACC1	-1.44901836356431	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	LAMA1	-1.37367501467802	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	LCNL1	1.40064293014806	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	LDLR	8.11190949247712	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	LEFTY2	-5.75150515880947	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	LGALS3BP	1.68883040869288	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	LGI2	-5.31908470351735	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	LIMA1	-1.38000685537667	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	LLPH	-1.32752298301153	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	LMCD1	-1.15741502865393	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	LMOD1	-1.13971816255708	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	LMX1B	1.10499212890087	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	LPAR2	1.346739275659	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	LPIN1	1.93468793334345	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	LPL	-1.36471523120621	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	LRP2	-1.66706653551687	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	LRRC10	2.04058763103517	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	LRRC14B	1.18144713289032	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	LRRC17	-1.65453154521827	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	LRRN4	-2.83006526424185	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	LSS	4.51206844495977	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	LTBP4	1.48787795249489	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	LYPD6B	-2.70347580867818	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MAFF	-1.20598218549772	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MAOA	-2.52086360029651	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MAP3K7CL	-1.47380925487803	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MASP1	-3.47775215357899	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MCM6	-1.14026509420621	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	MFAP2	1.23547968872576	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	MFAP4	3.01227409434783	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MGLL	-1.84027561632912	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	MIB2	1.35050032458715	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MICAL2	-1.24448712856569	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	MID1IP1	1.33535900478924	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	MMAB	2.07575622267286	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MN1	-1.39287630873019	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MRVI1	-1.4742969620306	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	MSMO1	7.56172455906017	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MTHFD2	-1.40736500805999	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	MVD	8.61370177232047	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	MVK	2.61291500151673	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	MVP	2.39534671920209	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	MX1	1.74416428379927	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	MXRA5	1.2379131640445	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MYBL2	-1.48324172223396	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MYC	-1.21954604761951	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MYCT1	-1.27604648461823	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MYH10	-1.14831536110059	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MYH6	-1.90636353544307	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	MYL2	1.28093315603118	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MYL3	-1.45380318474776	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MYL7	-1.54402340561001	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MYLK	-1.13007676406832	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MYLK3	-1.18211311121112	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MYO10	-1.1568762306466	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	MYOCD	-1.13876422540811	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	MZT2A	1.49273092352768	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	NEDD9	-2.07522818001289	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	NEK7	-1.29799758710622	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	NES	-1.82438178103902	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	NEXN	-1.24936878487358	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	NFIX	1.14366647056939	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	NLRC5	1.42712427392446	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	NMRK2	-3.22608008295457	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	NPC1	1.81950110163201	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	NPPA	-5.72141050735726	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	NPPB	-3.11024215507063	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	NR1H4	2.76754878457909	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	NR2F2	1.13187231536108	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	NR4A1	-3.08082148005509	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	NR4A3	-2.57021719032023	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	NRAP	1.26406881389218	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	NRTN	1.85088994526467	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	NSDHL	3.46411118460378	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	NUDT4	-1.40140222140202	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	OAS1	-1.10006959687455	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	OAS2	-2.40018916181878	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	OAS3	2.18434334947068	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	OLFML3	1.73976045191117	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	OPLAH	1.12732918071569	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	OSGIN1	-1.49145515325834	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	OTUD1	-1.4209587047623	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	OTX2	-1.10900801824543	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	P3H2	-1.82788877151619	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PACSIN3	1.28114846737267	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PADI2	1.8422162718814	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PALM2	-1.27541822574508	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PAPPA	-3.01518249733421	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PAPSS2	-1.40614514821067	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PARP14	1.20486239521518	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PARP9	2.1735886688797	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PAX5	1.09114779471501	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PCDHB15	1.54272657175827	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PCDHB5	1.99242212778832	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PCDHGB4	1.1221881120328	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PCGF5	-1.4914998298241	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PCK2	-1.58007027195756	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PCNA	-1.21721299569885	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PCOLCE	2.43318190093908	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PCSK9	4.66686497733137	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PCYT2	4.56299308989223	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PDE3A	2.03213865168391	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PDE4B	-1.88946739097605	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PDE4D	-1.53965546425336	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PDE5A	-1.33204469367778	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PDGFRA	1.24944298062502	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PDK4	-1.66287794163661	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PDZRN4	1.69287804789778	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PEG10	1.48334792987483	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PENK	1.24067526532012	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PER3	1.13751512717126	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PHGDH	-1.14283002707173	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PHLDA1	-2.7566838186269	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PIK3IP1	2.29309472974296	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PITX1	1.94188448934409	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PKIB	1.2530576272395	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PLA2G2A	1.16323976146354	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PLA2G3	2.13046373298945	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PLAGL1	1.30146028485004	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PLAT	-2.54193336198323	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PLCL2	1.79482199653796	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PLEKHA4	1.47962179736991	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PLPP3	1.97538660731387	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PLS3	-1.20330306089039	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PLSCR1	1.93555318698159	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PLTP	1.2776486734064	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PLXNA2	-1.93881129532205	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PLXNC1	-1.12081308693124	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PMEL	-2.80549280095399	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PNP	-2.34691587201552	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PNPLA7	1.13248615730119	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PODXL	-1.41301246341535	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PPARD	5.23286184840408	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PPDPF	1.51828736684546	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PPP1R1A	2.32361351674892	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PPP1R3A	-1.62971457050449	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PRKAG2	-1.1423106358606	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PROS1	1.30255995344905	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PRSS42	-1.10972071863615	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PRUNE2	1.3967989634463	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PSAT1	-2.31109997582551	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PTGDS	3.7185901220403	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PTPRH	1.11006930761036	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PTPRN	-1.13430542732726	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	PTX3	-1.55272637752972	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	PXDNL	2.57667972521602	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	QPRT	1.48065164918793	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	RAB3IL1	1.38639712668202	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	RADIL	1.10737189077571	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	RARRES3	2.41533358957023	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	RASD2	-1.71382871777841	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	RASEF	-1.4232012953919	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	RASL11B	-1.7428597185274	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	RASSF5	1.29773253255769	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	REC8	2.08175227660278	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	RELN	-2.19034654842995	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	RET	1.78271348547228	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	RGS4	-1.86308927422404	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	RHOU	1.18865284417198	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	RIPOR2	-4.20367563852004	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	RNF144A	1.22473307908303	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ROBO1	-1.31315870249662	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ROGDI	1.1516134110769	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ROR2	1.88394718823098	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	RPL3L	1.11421491644225	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	RPS4Y1	-1.38705318165126	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	RRAD	2.58674463754907	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	RSAD2	-1.83391652518336	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	RTL1	1.39911509133687	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	RTN4RL1	1.17572889849876	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	RUNX1	-1.26320653508217	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	RXRG	-1.58003306016196	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	S1PR3	-1.29136955382895	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SAT1	-1.95456604455509	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SC5D	1.57721815099865	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SCAND1	1.17803264359074	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SCARA3	2.40078193007936	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SCD	12.0215798940538	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SCN1A	1.53369026722747	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SELP	-1.12071986480549	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SEMA4B	2.13612835707466	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SEMA5A	-1.44001275604395	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SEMA6C	1.6055965890899	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SERPINE1	-3.83441306509244	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SERPINE2	-1.65583101491771	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SFRP2	4.74851796191064	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SFRP5	1.39405602311621	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SGIP1	-1.17736729255958	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SGK1	-2.0540327297142	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SHC2	1.11896011878775	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SHMT2	-2.36304591462092	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SHOX2	2.18996919599081	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SHROOM4	-1.76765460413504	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SIRT2	1.09031280135337	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SKIL	-1.20777511460063	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SLC16A7	-1.43066064760853	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SLC17A8	1.70091961289286	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SLC1A5	-1.74425950510105	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SLC25A1	1.68676779553536	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SLC29A2	1.68157604364176	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SLC2A4	1.1646706006638	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SLC35D3	-1.30384793263533	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SLC38A2	-1.86632174393047	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SLC6A1	-2.59429276952972	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SLC6A6	-8.24086748551678	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SLC7A11	-1.24176804605818	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SLC7A5	-1.1431273950262	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SLCO4C1	1.52837896572923	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SLCO5A1	2.84627720114153	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SLITRK2	-1.61548000501346	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SLITRK4	-1.75417620217277	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SMIM10L1	-2.01574488409752	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SMOC2	1.62510280511899	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SOCS2	-2.24902948332886	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SOCS3	5.89958965263687	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SOD3	1.4352330029282	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SORCS2	1.1462943828176	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SORCS3	-2.60790245533969	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SOX12	1.10719038002238	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SOX9	-1.30703526931026	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SPHK1	-1.56211870161296	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SPOCK1	-2.62096374074094	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SPON1	1.10791405232667	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SPON2	-1.51998881685255	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SPP1	-1.87466946629415	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SPRY4	-7.3062848051869	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SQLE	5.45607803528791	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SQSTM1	1.28256030002132	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SREBF1	4.22338919952039	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SREBF2	1.87749108962149	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SRP9	-1.24744131344773	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ST6GAL2	-1.34746646760869	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	STAT3	2.45005227502359	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	STAT4	-1.78371816050595	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	STC2	-1.26092826263753	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SULF1	1.86440932605313	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SULF2	1.54891859358142	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	SULT1E1	-5.21132751423889	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	SYNDIG1	1.43878838347582	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TAC3	1.14319375647005	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TACR1	1.10344879443349	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TAF9B	-2.63592861076964	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TAGLN	-2.69406943862569	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TAGLN2	-1.13144295745518	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TCAP	1.68183102655329	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TGFB2	-1.86705494355437	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TGFB3	-1.25483963320647	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TGFBI	-3.19532888751342	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	THBS2	1.66974522139079	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	THBS4	-2.44261363932277	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TIMP1	-1.87960622836077	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TKT	1.35855079304143	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TLE3	-1.73427422482318	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TM7SF2	2.13940896811112	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TMED7	-1.22450997094223	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TMEM119	2.96616873637841	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TMEM120A	1.19427125743499	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TMEM130	1.12669740413183	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TMEM176A	1.99189034420811	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TMEM26	1.14302703647166	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TMEM56	-1.41225226472602	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TMEM65	-1.28766257882775	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TMEM71	-1.70165250851906	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TMEM97	4.36849437469649	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TNC	1.18348707335918	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TNFRSF11B	3.45039008419952	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TNFRSF19	1.2461493881199	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TNFRSF1A	1.23105599526922	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TNMD	-1.5241433859229	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TPM2	-1.34063520140018	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TPM4	-1.23269737585199	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TRH	1.35582242493332	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TRIB1	-1.33323504063752	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TRIB3	-1.63426103282542	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TRIM14	1.75789500342607	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TRIM25	1.44626321262491	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TRIM9	2.37214450895808	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TROVE2	-1.19238666622679	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TSC22D4	1.14733669260613	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	TUBA1A	1.31953272781097	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TXNIP	-3.83654779566373	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	TYRP1	-1.38464861199299	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	UBE2L6	1.16905164568939	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	UCHL1	-1.71188386856921	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	USH1C	1.29812095590786	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	USP9Y	-1.30090671428884	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	VASH1	-1.44340693800176	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	VCAN	-2.04834298416525	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	VGLL3	-1.20963753987398	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	VIPR2	1.58072144554741	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	VWA5A	1.63595078199883	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	WARS	-1.50785353719277	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	XAF1	-2.16208630083238	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	XIRP2	1.59194136458721	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	XPOT	-1.27663556124859	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	XRCC4	-1.26550523060791	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ZBTB16	-1.89679642084612	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ZNF280D	-1.64604175819345	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Orange	ZNF385B	1.09993169348423	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ZNF558	-1.31900637054061	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Orange	ZNF850	-1.12425779889362	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	A2M	5.36149629119922	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ABCC9	3.1456807313919	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ABTB2	-3.08106466059782	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ACAT2	3.12247366191359	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ACE2	-2.65386951807342	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ACOT7	-2.46520786897146	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ACTA2	-3.42509627765382	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ADAM11	4.71830613426884	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ADAM33	3.19561356248132	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ADAMTS12	-7.24146774728889	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ADAMTS14	3.69274996626037	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ADAMTS19	3.03113401916751	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ADAMTS5	2.60470797594391	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ADAMTS8	-3.83753541908605	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ADAMTSL1	-2.56657451577789	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ADGRG6	-2.45329451693117	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	AHNAK2	-8.55494792654552	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	AIF1L	-4.23866422556398	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	AKAP1	2.37760180375257	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ALAS2	-5.70030256814975	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ALB	4.49723871404303	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ALDH1A1	-3.25803532211245	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ALDH1A3	-3.8810103415902	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	AMHR2	2.95249516979812	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ANKRD1	-10.2889065651208	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ANKRD63	5.58280776461706	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ANLN	-6.21448133352691	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ANXA1	-4.49975506437453	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	APLP1	-3.52999645463305	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	AQP10	-2.68096083328097	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	AQP7	3.91214131720042	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ARG2	-3.90808085754407	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ARHGAP42	-2.79018459164926	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ARID5A	2.34393094246766	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ARL6IP1	-2.3400126746528	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ASB11	2.45738516670916	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ASF1B	-2.88688985270117	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ASNS	-4.35527533808034	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ASPM	-5.6745467099856	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ATP13A3	-3.32937780132613	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ATP1B4	-6.00807838750128	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	AURKA	-3.09503182124348	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	AZIN1	-2.37938699763809	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	B3GNT2	-2.37353092436949	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	BCAT1	-5.15403928656163	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	BGN	-4.06780629784695	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	BHMT	-2.69411344103153	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	BIRC5	-5.69895291005516	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	BLVRB	2.71969460182053	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	BMF	6.64732283165691	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	BMP10	-2.78542042961063	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	BOC	2.38394226895845	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	BRCA2	-2.83088783615751	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	BRIP1	-2.63491709289286	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	BSPRY	2.73845874195247	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	BTG2	3.24700860905291	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	BUB1	-5.14320695838443	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	BUB1B	-3.64007800946107	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	C11ORF21	4.297821689707	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	C19ORF66	3.5549986141081	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	C1QL1	2.79978086068312	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	C3ORF58	-2.72258240302684	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	C7	-3.07111697111908	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	CA14	3.87655978910492	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	CACNA1G	3.41084198365491	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CALM1	-4.70376642495687	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	CALN1	4.03611598470591	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CALU	-2.54000972490533	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CAPN2	-2.46321933028314	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CAVIN2	-6.06393220250354	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CCBE1	-2.58308676635456	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CCDC141	-2.45997356114558	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CCDC3	-2.36703989582523	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CCDC80	-2.98341067709517	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CCL21	-14.4314330115507	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CCNA2	-5.19898790306017	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CCNB1	-4.31085146811833	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CCNB2	-2.99758323368161	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CCT2	-2.98604909155085	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CD24	-6.67247984061461	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	CD248	2.89216351836639	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CDC20	-3.11902140623734	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CDC45	-2.59071695023719	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CDC6	-5.68915567772475	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CDCA5	-2.58613200620749	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CDCA8	-3.11296346615437	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CDH1	-2.5156828098655	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CDH11	-3.00425112853563	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CDK1	-5.30197675286612	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CDKN2B	-2.34778994807919	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	CEBPD	4.61061614618885	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CENPE	-5.41015262144272	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CENPF	-5.84299006533575	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CENPK	-2.42132122396493	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CENPN	-3.30192596042016	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CENPU	-3.27209933896238	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CEP55	-4.64418656187632	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	CERS4	2.79481650773178	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CHAC1	-2.58891109222514	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CHAF1A	-2.3836862473486	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CHCHD2	-21.0024395014075	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CHRDL1	-2.40316295641109	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CIP2A	-2.76906356851056	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CIT	-3.39445697049023	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CKAP2L	-3.37160885316938	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CLDN1	-3.73607651262177	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CLIC6	-5.97831272423114	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CLSPN	-5.00635514705924	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CLSTN2	-6.26018723822177	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	CLU	4.00199085171175	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	CNRIP1	2.4528696764911	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	COL11A1	-2.49869858705374	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	COL12A1	-3.79540950357582	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	COL13A1	-4.68716690093912	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	COL14A1	6.04495092921804	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	COL15A1	8.87598022211631	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	COL16A1	2.75256169432804	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	COL23A1	2.41248964289514	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	COL27A1	2.83670809183345	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	COL2A1	-4.25881148680927	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	COL3A1	2.63104276391722	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	COL4A4	-2.64560361452155	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	COL6A1	2.91562702092852	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	COL6A2	5.36533696936562	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	COL6A3	4.67087607793437	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	COL6A6	6.19589345120806	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	COL7A1	2.91401583562523	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	COL9A1	-4.3284141947994	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	COL9A2	-4.75635107142152	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	COLQ	-5.13500116414677	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	COTL1	-5.49736581054161	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	COX6A2	4.94774212135304	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CPA4	-2.5827407023232	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CPAMD8	-3.66420295624911	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	CPNE5	9.30280880402425	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	CPXM1	3.1259169919045	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CRABP2	-6.31321999938238	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CRYBA1	-2.91493417325	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CRYBA4	-4.22264504934209	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CRYBB1	-6.89015911184548	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CRYBB2	-2.83110251347265	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	CSF1	2.45750678176277	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CTGF	-7.9522471248028	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CTSB	-2.33520745771897	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CTSV	-2.61177584228063	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	CXCL14	-3.31070362730766	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	CYP51A1	2.76145229765681	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	DACT1	-2.4665005783408	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	DCN	5.60448791159378	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	DDAH1	-3.39560818671357	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	DDX3Y	-3.10723065787934	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	DDX58	3.14886148872866	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	DEPDC1	-5.46752825176459	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	DES	2.60396798960774	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	DGKG	-2.61349970775225	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	DGKI	-13.8327215988575	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	DHCR24	2.72586045720664	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	DHCR7	4.87819961674179	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	DHFR	-2.9319485343148	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	DHRS2	-3.01503138491336	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	DHRS7C	2.65641475346394	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	DIAPH3	-3.43185477949856	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	DIRAS3	2.76387080764819	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	DLGAP5	-5.78576358750465	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	DLK1	17.5057166315424	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	DMKN	3.99989579309105	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	DPYSL4	-3.92643725548421	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	DRP2	-14.5737426811144	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	DSCAML1	2.89846066107545	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	DTL	-4.34565444384682	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	DTX3L	3.51163210948375	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	DUSP6	-6.8402389244683	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	E2F1	-2.81594734495304	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ECT2	-3.85682326400353	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	EFHD1	-2.42567478508777	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	EFNB3	2.51686300374649	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	EFR3B	-2.65916537233545	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	EIF1AY	-4.44733398983332	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ELF3	2.60786093067406	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ELN	-3.87873462901881	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	EMILIN1	5.07440709215293	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ENC1	-3.03483165157356	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ENO1	-2.65835454194091	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	EPHA2	-6.99905054287473	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	EPHA4	-4.53114143087829	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	EPHB2	-2.33961755538507	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	EPHB3	-6.38543392038411	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	EPN3	3.85173347390208	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ERBB3	5.36830770557694	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	EREG	4.11976096784386	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ESCO2	-2.75206347343847	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ESPL1	-2.55260848161812	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ETV4	-5.46348661208184	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ETV5	-20.3390196347301	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	EXO1	-2.92512887105278	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	EXOG	-2.52556970577883	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	FAM107A	-2.62935453926446	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	FAM111B	-4.16844861901186	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FAM124A	3.64196745127689	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FAM53B	3.01967975248249	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	FAM83D	-3.3637681736248	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	FANCD2	-2.78025151806819	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	FANCI	-3.94834392318895	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FASN	6.44602483235441	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	FAT3	-3.81203695444141	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	FBN1	-3.69979476815965	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FBXO32	2.38910203540053	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FBXO40	6.06404017074381	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FDFT1	2.89894438641469	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FDPS	3.83535991668817	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	FEN1	-3.26281120911831	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	FGF1	-3.36535022357332	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FGF18	3.56900471489701	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FHL2	2.85178697092348	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	FIBCD1	-2.6957475647689	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FLCN	2.39415185288967	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	FLT1	-2.45041009383589	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	FN1	-3.9159754774575	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FNDC5	3.15256123703463	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FOS	3.16909600117899	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	FOXM1	-4.45481503942742	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	FRMD3	-3.34708673824916	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FXYD1	2.46431387787294	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FXYD6	4.11573717506489	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	FZD1	3.85800583465169	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	GAS2L3	-2.54706005758285	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	GATA5	2.35336271800738	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	GDF2	-8.26901316682864	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	GFOD1	-7.93564799983928	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	GGH	-2.50389899365239	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	GINS1	-2.37648605035532	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	GINS2	-2.36571479812389	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	GJA5	2.37607977532489	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	GPC3	3.25674904212481	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	GPR143	-2.39198237561924	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	GPR35	2.39978789433646	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	GPR37	2.75394333059549	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	GSG1	-2.60086861757388	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	GSTT1	3.81076717992356	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	GTSE1	-3.6173086051715	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	HAND2	3.73450231565358	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	HAPLN1	-2.97966914491543	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	HELLS	-3.55165798790637	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	HELZ2	4.05821097815716	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	HES1	-3.50647540980705	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	HEY2	3.60078514072206	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	HHATL	10.6438425489538	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	HJURP	-3.47320407503005	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	HKDC1	-6.4473108947815	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	HLA-C	2.40602754516958	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	HMGA2	-2.97919201662488	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	HMGCR	3.5552864490155	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	HMGCS1	6.51183071101354	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	HMMR	-3.59929624800398	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	HSD17B2	-7.02456717834479	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	HSPB2	2.77896953726675	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	IFI30	3.50265698277944	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	IFI44	4.68063013250113	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	IFI44L	-3.51656840362655	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	IFI6	4.29050307303127	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	IFIH1	3.62223624630738	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	IFIT1	4.78389214733325	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	IFIT2	2.80319892174255	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	IFIT3	4.27307980443545	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	IFITM3	3.96184891205261	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	IGF2	13.3523902521863	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	IGFBP2	-3.11919755939495	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	IGFBP5	4.04898917660405	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	IGFBP7	-2.53078584763583	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	INCENP	-2.59420661126879	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	INHBA	-3.32889833129224	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	INSIG1	8.70432220757364	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	IQGAP3	-5.23470251584859	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	IRF9	3.75691029254398	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	IRS1	-2.45121271089669	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	IRX4	4.15500650444881	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ISG15	4.33670121136027	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ISLR	5.79814862104025	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ITGA1	-2.73233249290346	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ITGA10	2.81845611936094	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ITGA4	-2.75136853445713	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ITIH5	-2.78539334513576	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	JAG1	-3.09015131891526	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	JUN	3.05382629834877	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	JUND	2.39494389063706	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	KCNIP2	9.8512412649008	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	KCNJ8	3.68049959321235	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KCNQ3	-2.60838312416403	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	KCNS2	2.74874594893069	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KCTD17	-5.18090341561609	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KDM5D	-3.41436372030223	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KIF11	-4.779445831729	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KIF14	-4.90771389542408	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KIF18A	-2.51905509076885	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KIF18B	-3.37858912005277	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KIF20A	-5.64900475294818	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KIF20B	-3.39747610407492	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KIF23	-4.03741727971772	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KIF2C	-4.45050729784215	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KIF4A	-3.88951393811417	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KIFAP3	-2.88841713004324	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KITLG	-3.17503307920405	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KLHL13	-2.51029376604921	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KLHL3	-3.20615021596079	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KNL1	-5.29024168062541	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KNTC1	-2.77977458253287	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KPNA2	-3.71953397525274	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KRT7	-8.76776838272599	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	KRT80	-4.93044483715005	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	KY	6.30499653569111	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LACC1	-3.1890612355092	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LAMA1	-2.41421814226173	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LDHA	-3.94414039916188	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	LDLR	3.08728405924499	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LEFTY2	-4.51885493156653	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	LGALS3	4.06113984591722	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LGI2	-11.8991710684674	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LIMCH1	-2.58335370799725	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LLPH	-2.62058199219183	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	LOC101927401	7.69011696201996	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	LOC105377641	2.66296793880768	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LOX	-3.57578390544408	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LOXHD1	-2.56900608050811	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LOXL1	-2.70083883051323	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	LPCAT4	3.32343993568359	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LRP2	-3.14567955028315	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LRP8	-3.1369112691519	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	LRRC10	4.4106713346725	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	LRRC14B	2.52614350787686	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LRRN4	-4.19660584843312	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	LSS	3.4685357880432	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	LUM	5.15804132871424	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LYPD6	-3.49024909188152	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	LYPD6B	-5.00203926174839	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MAD2L1	-2.93965533648556	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MAFF	-2.55507845026807	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MAOA	2.51805334556711	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MAP1B	-3.22457196086991	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MAP2	-3.53934773185717	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MAPKAPK3	3.23466026418761	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MAPKBP1	2.48241773138495	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MARCH11	3.01081622644832	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MASP1	-8.84336688823069	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MB	4.01417135849284	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MCM10	-3.28187749368608	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MCM5	-3.22510097342086	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MCM6	-2.90398808142415	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MEGF6	2.55123739507269	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MELK	-3.13038434679624	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MFAP4	6.56730948740382	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MIB2	2.89081362924914	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MID1	-3.3580501544416	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MKI67	-6.55970100878587	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MLIP	2.57520281553467	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MLLT11	-2.71181061204231	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MME	3.85357536567165	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MN1	-2.45578623174766	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MTHFD2	-2.44903428513214	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MTRNR2L1	-2.68589440084009	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MTSS1	2.48076980857793	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MVD	5.37406314945585	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MVP	2.36803039355947	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MX2	2.37158589366677	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MXI1	2.36197217485188	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MYBL2	-6.63939633517454	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MYBPC3	2.40252620808985	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MYC	-3.63645717336613	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MYH6	3.62755163028824	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MYH7B	4.47358625952249	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MYLK	-3.84363266684922	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	MYO15B	5.31593541432297	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	MYO1B	-2.44746226439902	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NANOS1	-2.88289044072116	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NCAPG	-3.7319746979429	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NCAPG2	-2.34224883542917	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NCAPH	-3.69153240159306	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NDC80	-4.00867286992401	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NEDD9	-4.37675477569355	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NEK2	-3.42838835426841	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NEK6	-2.82191184591819	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NEK7	-2.34476519147986	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NELL2	-3.30113980319588	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NES	-4.41555378187387	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	NMRK2	3.22714278432563	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NPPA	-17.3168243241049	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NPPB	-13.8916947355453	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NPR3	-2.64792782300114	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	NRP2	3.40541533746378	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	NRTN	2.63711434608579	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NTN1	-3.45521425274397	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	NTRK2	2.99238712752028	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NUAK1	-3.16619818507936	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NUF2	-3.09293872281623	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	NUSAP1	-4.81078244064371	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	OAS3	4.1315111304282	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	OGN	2.89361939473123	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	OLFML3	3.04742053389395	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	OSGIN1	-2.5340683193811	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	OTUD1	2.34000031119333	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	OTX2	-6.80485813621826	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	P3H2	-6.41469346945573	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PACRG	4.40640405217353	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PADI2	5.13597762545347	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PANX1	-2.38333500613115	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PAPLN	2.69571962048994	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PARM1	3.28866070610999	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PARP14	2.64682241129002	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PARP9	2.92134833505866	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PAX6	-5.052520238949	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PBK	-6.11098674642063	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PCDH18	2.37310307258978	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PCGF5	-3.49835888260879	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PCLAF	-2.56401879624912	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PCNA	-3.13476929066559	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PCOLCE	2.95796105145004	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PCSK9	4.78706622022254	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PCYT2	2.94354684235416	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PDE3A	4.56442582066783	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PDK1	-2.8682774439163	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PEG10	6.5629418872917	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PER3	2.70155972135647	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PGAM1	-3.00121973948359	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PGAM2	2.44250868004411	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PHLDA1	-8.42295794330306	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PIK3IP1	3.48011515550344	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PLAGL1	3.58498845980704	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PLAT	2.88214095248003	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PLCE1	-2.74032125110107	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PLCL2	5.50988102993762	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PLEKHH3	3.12337638125867	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PLK1	-3.64244854062998	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PLPP3	3.80174663315458	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PLXNA2	-5.40570285576369	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PMEL	-25.827121866214	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PNPLA7	4.17904862779423	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PODXL	-2.80958560650813	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	POLQ	-2.77390575747445	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PPARD	4.59451663048344	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PPP1R1A	5.30231996636685	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PRC1	-3.72681788690339	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PRDM16	2.43608126902501	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PROM1	3.33700265221852	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PRR11	-5.82027964959098	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PRRX1	-2.8957082000183	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PSAT1	-7.01948713315778	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PTGDS	9.18547299427745	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PTN	2.45518924963443	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PTPRH	2.58188986877709	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	PTTG1	-3.95045612974734	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PXDNL	4.3865360024638	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	PYROXD2	3.90198795621248	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	RAB3IL1	2.48313680264716	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	RACGAP1	-3.74262912369675	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	RAD51AP1	-2.66230237878722	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	RAI14	-3.99346561816499	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	RAMP1	2.71055871397332	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	RARRES3	3.72299013239362	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	RASD2	2.38737180539419	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	RASEF	-3.48837887653071	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	RASL11B	-4.57705384746016	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	RCAN1	-3.01277234610858	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	RELN	-6.27076441035983	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	RFTN1	-2.95060556586545	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	RIPOR2	-7.82808047539851	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	RND3	-2.58204090805513	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	RNF144A	2.65925776997133	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	RNF207	2.67025634375385	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ROBO1	-3.3726208095108	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	RPL3L	3.24636292687809	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	RPS4Y1	-3.38788104055982	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	RRAD	5.35352435592123	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	RRM2	-6.45656357368203	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	RXRG	-4.32185200291616	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	S100A10	-3.40231883317036	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	S100A11	-2.75492608372203	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SAPCD2	-2.35265986511875	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SCARA3	2.98224655827226	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SCD	5.51242102414964	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SCN1A	3.1182759739201	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SELENBP1	4.48670038498533	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SEMA4B	2.34895299700227	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SERPINE1	-9.30574513308923	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SERPINE2	-2.42469457139353	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SERPINI1	2.75440453420818	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SFRP2	12.0705186952662	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SFRP5	-4.00347364361812	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SGO2	-2.75704494742593	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SGSM1	2.37834424965983	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SHCBP1	-2.4345277777655	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SHROOM2	-2.58371964115281	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SHROOM4	-4.15743835009437	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SLC12A6	2.56586588947969	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SLC29A1	4.22455050859606	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SLC2A4	3.34078074295364	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SLC35D3	-2.73637318008059	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SLC38A2	-2.99843092574612	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SLC6A1	-6.63530730286492	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SLC6A20	-2.48968465992988	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SLC6A4	2.38715912910444	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SLC6A6	-21.0463570814624	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SLC7A11	-3.01516929220575	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SLC7A5	-3.63294748344583	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SLC7A8	-3.93310236621095	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SLCO5A1	3.78806922197817	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SLITRK2	-2.38760663791893	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SLITRK4	-3.29903622575654	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SMC4	-3.29182797925807	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SMIM10L1	-4.50875244147551	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SOCS2	-2.69102537675851	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SOCS3	5.3058424894564	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SORBS1	3.79215733880081	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SORCS3	-5.48626435735949	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SOX12	2.44693760486073	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SOX9	-5.94387322102365	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SPAG5	-3.79067349728427	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SPARC	-2.4712416219294	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SPATA20	2.38359345342311	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SPC24	-3.29906233527245	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SPINK5	2.71838159966313	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SPNS2	-2.5553753346685	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SPOCK1	-6.4875334363599	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SPOCK2	5.06348965836453	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SPON1	3.18961535081231	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SPON2	2.68627585078071	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SPP1	-6.70731062232578	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SPRY4	-20.0690869230011	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SQLE	2.62786644761729	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SREBF1	4.61751828363593	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SRP9	-2.38369737743922	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SRPX	2.33272226017453	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ST6GAL2	-4.64660058249816	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	STAT3	2.71250782973505	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	STAT4	-5.90239746719047	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	STON2	-2.47380811946075	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SULF2	-3.32348702701644	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	SUSD2	4.74928734686883	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	SYT9	-2.36240094842657	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TACC3	-2.65125136370947	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TAF9B	-5.34798878765209	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TAGLN	-5.5884623760404	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TAGLN2	-2.3465860633423	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	TBX20	2.45079493547013	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	TCAP	3.37073131863849	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TDGF1	-2.89496270175858	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	TESC	3.4228186275647	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TGFB2	-4.54402371056141	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	TGFBR3	2.5051709406838	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	THBS4	-7.19507094822916	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TK1	-3.1951525714775	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM176A	4.62459637640511	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM176B	5.2674779088603	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TMEM71	-3.98435596504178	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TMTC1	-2.39784951496202	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TNC	-3.07115978795613	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	TNFRSF11B	2.36724460630506	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	TNFRSF19	3.5112774466262	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TNFRSF21	-4.73804251150843	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TOP2A	-5.85221390898641	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TPX2	-4.72355358245603	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	TRANK1	2.72320671120693	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	TRH	2.72350194252301	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TRIB1	-3.08517409292394	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TRIB3	-5.95557975421132	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TRIP13	-3.07835608279843	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TROAP	-2.61231112478592	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	TSC22D4	2.63003708140684	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	TSPAN32	3.54385988233503	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	TSPOAP1	3.06567958127899	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TTK	-3.86431781316492	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	TTYH2	2.42290988117171	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TUBA1B	-3.64210754240279	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TUBA1C	-4.01289355995108	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TUBB	-3.64074520783507	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TUBB2B	-2.62369827465106	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TUBB3	-5.38242722270788	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TUBB4B	-2.35163138467229	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TYMS	-3.62984000959848	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TYR	-3.42206342484951	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	TYRP1	-11.3343865702376	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	UAP1L1	2.35492292496121	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	UBE2C	-3.03912135685604	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	UBE2T	-2.9315052345698	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	UCHL1	-5.16987460762507	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	UHRF1	-2.59256743914504	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	USH1C	4.50205020530602	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	USP9Y	-3.78338576025527	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	VASH1	-3.22338918586697	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	VCAN	-4.13840460146057	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	VIPR1	2.70539763944373	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	VSIR	-3.43712313797566	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	WARS	-2.86667002477959	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	WDR62	-2.6328862036795	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	WWC1	-3.02557378101584	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	XIRP2	6.71888258579779	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	YPEL3	2.91219017164174	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ZFP36L1	2.75793047060613	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	OrangeRed	ZFP36L2	2.69791293853922	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ZNF367	-2.81935353574215	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ZNF850	-3.39435418925316	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	OrangeRed	ZWINT	-3.33960122284783	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	A2M	5.46362926610416	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ABCA1	-5.95120965187866	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ABCA9	2.09200875229571	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ABCC9	3.23342653945637	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ABCG1	-3.47637467442778	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ABLIM3	3.14118643513003	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ABTB2	-2.19753590649968	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ACAN	2.605048361709	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ACAT2	9.58590492611966	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ACE2	-3.53218210319235	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ACSL1	1.98781522475993	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ACTA1	-6.43078714482194	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ACTA2	-2.47466712936473	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ADA2	2.48929618528662	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ADAM11	2.84816268834178	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ADAM12	2.18359699367969	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ADAM33	2.13833459341321	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ADAMTS1	-2.12680387126557	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ADAMTS12	-3.15514440137983	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ADAMTS15	-2.31312748564801	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ADAMTS17	-2.68314022376937	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ADAMTS2	2.67307235911317	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ADAMTSL1	-1.93022896753293	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ADGRA2	2.45887085942742	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ADGRG6	-1.9044618812843	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	AEBP1	-1.90750456852765	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	AHNAK2	-6.49728574195376	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	AIF1L	-2.15719129800512	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	AKAP1	2.07753169503441	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	AKR1B10	-2.81630556288829	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ALDOC	2.65812969112796	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ANKRD1	-7.48507214969341	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ANKRD63	2.02576792376677	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ANKRD9	1.91660559809693	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ANKS1B	-3.71861119569636	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ANLN	-2.01475597706378	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ANTXR1	-2.11947796894181	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	AP5Z1	-2.32221693744921	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	APCDD1	-2.40966896795196	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	APOL4	2.40989211611358	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ARC	-2.11365685708457	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ARID5A	2.11784254486692	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ARRDC4	-3.09232701781867	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ASB11	2.69253588494838	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ASNS	4.70489646611728	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ASPG	-1.81993397019076	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ASPN	-1.95861930255164	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ATP10A	2.96490949878985	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ATP13A3	-2.37586656532019	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ATP1A3	2.68445515005925	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ATP1B4	-4.36519523920339	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ATP2A3	-2.03323062322796	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	BAIAP2	-2.59198384259872	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	BCAT1	-2.04335161204334	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	BEST1	-1.90844164482238	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	BGN	-2.12615955776238	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	BHLHE40	5.62276646059614	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	BMF	2.87052137200155	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	BNIP3	2.25606216680439	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	BRINP2	-2.13748610448969	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	BRINP3	2.5197381185589	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	BST2	4.18786288162874	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	BTG2	2.83930040850613	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	C19ORF66	3.82943568406822	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	C1QL1	2.21579685540376	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	C1R	3.03179868912017	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	C3ORF58	-2.56417626184357	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	C6ORF223	10.3085489462797	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	C7	-2.71778630602659	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CA14	3.14950388538658	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CACHD1	-2.47563895919385	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CACNA1G	3.07895919424408	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CACNA1H	-2.86574108353419	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CACNA2D2	2.26647825322045	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CALM1	-2.41781941001819	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CALU	-1.91222969758696	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CAT	-1.87295394460653	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CAVIN2	-1.84865746302844	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CCBE1	-2.96817315439352	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CCDC141	-2.38638722601362	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CCDC80	-4.08643239668289	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CCL21	-13.1767115356946	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CCNG2	2.9149123318018	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CCR7	-1.94568633873911	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CCT2	-2.17123518605779	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CD24	-3.06167697218845	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CD248	3.35030391447836	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CD44	-3.46971435631248	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CDC6	-2.83618814870363	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CDH1	-3.57707160369919	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CDHR1	1.90686898538751	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CEBPD	1.974085655515	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CEMIP	2.35366280218936	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CENPF	-2.15616559887125	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CERS4	2.33344757646103	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CGNL1	-2.48788534411179	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CHAC1	6.73696332411614	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CHCHD2	-13.5936143804182	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CHST2	1.94017469495465	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CKB	-3.57290429326461	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CLCN6	2.15828484411318	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CLDN6	-2.07105913341577	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CLSPN	-2.77695645101539	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CLSTN2	-2.15887149291774	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CMPK2	4.501486388866	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CNN1	-4.26832312338543	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CNRIP1	2.60839303832982	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	COL11A1	2.63477172333842	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	COL11A2	-2.06764247655892	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	COL13A1	-4.67627879179886	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	COL14A1	5.58486473092302	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	COL15A1	5.75487346779478	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	COL1A1	-3.52330217311843	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	COL1A2	-2.2046732806351	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	COL2A1	3.21583112718205	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	COL3A1	-2.13102005744616	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	COL6A6	2.93432247624872	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	COL8A1	-5.58487011368809	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	COL9A2	-4.34491793053263	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	COLQ	-3.61751224204983	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CORIN	2.89259415179631	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CORO2A	-1.97687786085029	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	COX6A2	4.2232829403027	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	COX7A1	2.51207212609706	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CPA4	-3.11652650898504	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CPAMD8	-2.09936904003166	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CPNE5	5.13277558091353	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CRABP2	-6.34946147755166	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CRB2	-2.55707483793221	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CRMP1	-2.51470286726888	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CRYBB1	-2.66408023044225	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CSF1	2.70545624669152	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CSRP1	-2.91415531983254	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CTGF	-4.01434542847644	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CTHRC1	2.52147333139082	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CTSB	-2.99120237408587	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CTSF	-1.94320943298816	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CXCL8	-2.14393986102679	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	CXCR4	-2.19931843198218	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	CYP51A1	7.38348552098721	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	DBI	1.82108904116262	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	DDIT4	2.83828530890197	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	DDIT4L	1.91695579935367	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	DDR1	-1.87281210252584	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	DDX27	-1.82899634707081	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	DDX3Y	3.58322042269205	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	DDX58	8.88028022331633	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	DDX60	3.24033188888527	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	DGKI	-12.231148636631	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	DHCR24	7.75008866299854	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	DHCR7	11.6277658250712	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	DHRS2	-3.28678897540201	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	DIRAS3	2.40951489989417	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	DLK1	13.8972223700238	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	DNAJB4	-2.49699914781141	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	DOCK11	-1.9952506403305	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	DRP2	-16.6350920557438	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	DTX3L	7.9390362387579	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	DUSP6	-4.99478352045563	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	EBP	2.61346901644891	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	EFHD1	-2.47454987899408	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	EFNB3	3.26113033882453	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	EGR1	3.08094195704193	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	EHBP1L1	-1.97628875369546	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	EIF1AY	3.73812307897196	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ELF3	3.17296503323586	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ELL2	-1.86724227601871	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ELN	-13.9812990625446	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	EMC10	-2.2858355354672	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	EMILIN1	2.93189420436367	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ENC1	-2.10117099338973	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ENO2	-3.89617310878877	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ENO3	-2.49314373585675	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	EPHA2	-1.87965002859814	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	EPHA4	-3.31692321967958	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	EPHA7	-2.27157004095418	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	EPHB3	-5.62104615605078	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	EPN3	2.81516380792619	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	EPSTI1	4.85243317937729	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ERBB3	2.25648823598983	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ERG	2.03980179651161	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ERG28	2.89958076093612	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ETV4	-4.46914659623356	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ETV5	-15.747394855348	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FADS1	2.75818406209086	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FADS2	2.12942661835336	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FAM124A	2.66101706724093	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FAM162A	2.28032545662347	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FAM53B	2.76603746495976	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FAM83G	-1.96393490034175	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FAP	2.04991324085615	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FASN	9.66236393163267	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FAT3	-4.15220629994893	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FBLN1	1.95422319388935	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FBLN2	-1.96371455303989	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FBLN5	-2.89257514901529	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FBN1	-5.147280569505	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FBXO2	-2.01766219751559	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FBXO32	4.22298203504341	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FCHSD1	-2.62493933765379	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FDFT1	6.72568684307538	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FDPS	8.19401390081149	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FDXR	-3.79921747011917	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FGF1	-1.88265403138401	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FGF10	-1.99939972075004	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FGF18	2.23380052484754	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FKBP5	-3.07301558998409	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FN1	-5.65582831107791	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FNDC5	2.5530955386605	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FNIP2	4.41761476263815	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FOS	4.40627549951893	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FREM1	-4.23027043067733	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FRMD3	-3.54461088070826	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FSTL3	-3.44496720023309	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	FXYD5	-2.31932436703582	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	FZD7	2.21744785068467	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	G0S2	-2.70304359583017	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	GALNT5	-2.86473130679535	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	GBE1	-2.13359272063299	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	GDF2	-6.285614908603	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	GDNF	-3.37731220693016	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	GEM	2.69579488781776	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	GFOD1	-5.33845559649499	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	GFPT2	-3.29594140796969	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	GJA5	3.02880843159456	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	GLA	-4.27238821574615	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	GLUL	1.8919805747911	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	GPNMB	7.554499122865	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	GPRIN3	-2.17446231922262	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	GSTM1	-3.07959211787343	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	HAPLN3	-1.95856369572529	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	HELLS	-2.10821696554608	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	HELZ2	5.27071717506831	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	HERC6	2.92495227163	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	HES1	-2.01800750196616	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	HHATL	3.89729293790609	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	HLA-A	2.2948471860034	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	HMGCR	7.27924324421099	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	HMGCS1	13.3326270292379	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	HOPX	-3.35513672588801	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	HSD17B14	2.37504079780941	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	HSD17B7	3.67386328590428	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	HSPA1A	4.82950346434849	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	HSPA2	-2.0034402946617	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	HSPA6	2.1208560588531	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	HSPA8	-2.36369471242097	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	HSPG2	-1.89964572458702	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	HSPH1	-2.56002030959542	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	HTATIP2	-1.96165967890407	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ID1	-2.61637117588867	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IDH1	2.8111728753652	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IDI1	6.72530739689729	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IFI35	3.13220065906717	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IFI44	11.2629872873266	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IFI6	23.2384592991679	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IFIH1	8.66117465173434	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IFIT1	9.35815840624949	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IFIT2	3.71175811173776	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IFIT3	13.3809982703274	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IFITM1	8.16963100226502	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IFITM3	2.38540426704677	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IGF1	2.13481701152333	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IGF2	6.11259650133378	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	IGFBP2	-4.95313690649563	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	IGFBP3	-1.98681621912531	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	IGFBP4	-2.97181703679479	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IGFBP5	2.56783155172696	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	IGFBP7	-3.22012636651147	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	IGFL2	-2.86381015421754	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IGSF9	3.14660712755083	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	IL1RL1	-2.19866004434998	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IL31RA	1.8450897365069	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	IL7R	-3.02143174398205	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	INA	-2.5694223848324	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	INHBE	-1.9547760282075	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	INSIG1	16.0141585384663	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IRF9	4.87892736198965	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	IRX4	1.87904460038015	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ISG15	22.7934962667553	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ISLR	3.14696377715463	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ITGA11	-3.70697771148123	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ITGA3	-2.36377891991822	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ITGA4	-2.07091997532882	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ITGA8	2.53137740241389	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ITGB1BP2	-2.21705167526205	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ITGB4	-2.41045328990492	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	JPH2	-1.91405720502307	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	JUNB	1.89185555267456	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	JUND	1.83162300895212	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	KCNA1	1.94089522532269	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	KCNIP2	4.5672357989368	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	KCNJ3	1.94863722763285	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	KCNJ8	2.63519713949518	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	KCNQ1	1.86507380411686	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	KCTD17	-3.88953796521618	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	KDM5D	5.36916882959206	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	KIAA1755	1.8783074857146	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	KIFAP3	-3.17539507714601	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	KLHL13	-3.10208356938387	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	KLHL24	2.28296134077062	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	KLHL3	-3.19226269779371	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	KRT17	-4.43041095954864	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	KRT18	-2.67782528483841	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	KRT7	-3.37014932268155	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	KRT8	-2.37960794210085	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	KY	1.88887036956556	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	LACC1	-2.28830386267448	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	LAMA1	-1.94345488252968	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	LCNL1	3.25059741358352	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	LDHA	1.96122314488461	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	LDLR	7.9885021154084	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	LGALS1	-3.26102034624863	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	LGALS3	3.51914069422093	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	LGI2	-12.5898126617967	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	LIPA	2.09289406369115	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	LMOD1	-2.16813604636678	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	LMOD3	1.94512099880216	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	LOC105377641	1.83897400634811	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	LOXHD1	-3.33275623566432	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	LOXL4	-5.30178050967892	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	LPIN1	2.87871441898638	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	LRP2	-6.27120764212936	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	LRRC10	3.07474198291649	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	LRRC14B	2.15548356704833	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	LRRC4B	-1.88644938604348	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	LRRN4	-4.51217178724867	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	LSS	5.38224917492084	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	LUM	3.02304699946541	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	LYPD6	-1.97706321761095	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	LYPD6B	-4.69407457162368	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MAOA	-3.96799669317508	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MASP1	-12.6369500750719	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	MB	2.0015662721391	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MELTF	-7.58265329757468	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	MEX3B	2.69351124923709	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MGLL	-2.17635446675456	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MICAL2	-2.45312412617743	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MID1	-3.13440757337013	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	MMAB	2.29669434162154	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MMP14	-3.03869137965676	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MMP2	-2.23825435686132	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MMP3	-2.24595900206267	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MN1	-5.19334369353538	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	MSC	2.51048771774423	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	MSMO1	9.60075673806903	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MT2A	-3.03427273095469	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	MVD	10.2730730628189	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	MVK	3.22144787110721	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	MVP	1.9026734386208	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	MX1	20.7863769807504	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MXRA5	-2.84809986696722	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	MXRA8	2.70187907614869	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MYBL2	-2.3300269404117	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MYCT1	-2.57932057257187	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MYH14	-3.02882839718898	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MYL3	-2.47288221989568	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MYL7	-3.12018458639881	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MYLK	-2.62490782449092	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MYO1B	-1.8333905149098	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MYO1D	-1.87869985646455	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MYOCD	-3.19565061799344	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	MYRF	-3.42752942333258	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	NEDD9	-3.35095765439844	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	NEFM	-3.03946995513135	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	NES	-6.0782133809167	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	NEXN	-2.8536624755473	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	NHSL1	-1.98176823936439	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	NLRC5	3.05321618301849	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	NMRK2	2.21032598830739	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	NPPA	-14.7612930263189	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	NPPB	-11.7473954257465	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	NQO1	2.62327849055737	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	NR1H4	1.95271661937956	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	NR4A3	-2.78638141400257	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	NRTN	1.99885991383056	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	NSDHL	3.59240980269113	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	NT5DC3	-1.99268283351696	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	NTM	2.4766306094916	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	NUAK1	-2.15932342472066	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	NUPR1	9.56109435959856	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	OAS2	-1.8559309132835	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	OAS3	13.0937902872231	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	OGN	2.68359236892616	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	OPHN1	-2.86133809068502	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	P3H2	-5.56285989716121	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PAQR6	-2.04324706535305	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PARP10	2.94578557982947	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PARP14	5.13666700996727	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PARP9	6.03483719210865	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PCGF5	-2.91087890441394	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PCOLCE	2.40278187350158	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PCSK9	3.76164264295706	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PCYT2	6.0496128386592	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PDE3A	5.43040751710184	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PDGFRA	2.12787316630113	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PDLIM3	-6.15165943728849	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PDLIM7	-2.04534106555121	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PEG10	2.88265015296699	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PER3	2.6985695132758	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PHLDA1	-2.68267731146969	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PIK3IP1	3.3185893465635	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PITPNM1	-6.46017546158507	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PITX1	1.97022635491364	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PKIB	2.35376385266597	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PLA2G3	2.20795297709574	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PLCL2	2.86604507931527	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PLCXD3	-1.82816250051714	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PLEKHA4	2.24912447188989	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PLPP3	2.43406524404692	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PLSCR1	2.752015387036	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PLTP	-2.09651467149047	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PLXNA2	-4.06290182067844	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PMEL	-14.2392125616554	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PNP	-3.05864705116792	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PNPLA7	2.70241046716691	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PODXL	-5.45152246463797	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	POSTN	-4.58773017985605	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PPARD	6.71655238338842	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PPP1R14C	-2.28483717214055	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PPP1R1A	4.99726407967208	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PROCR	-2.83981865906893	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PRRX1	-2.72096987490836	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PRSS12	2.82958590654724	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PRSS23	-3.27968197535467	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PRSS35	-2.81128648945381	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PRUNE2	2.18062755294433	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PSAT1	2.24466647028297	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PSMC4	-2.15924996869178	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PSMD14	-2.30355795084174	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PSMD2	-2.14950514874174	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PTGDS	9.40980316484345	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PTGER3	-1.9351918861707	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PTGS1	-1.85004959331982	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	PTPRN	-2.32413204712771	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	PXDNL	4.93506756784177	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	QPRT	2.2049753703966	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RAB17	-2.21436935895185	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RAB31	-2.66790898980161	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	RAB33A	1.86124738032041	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	RAB3IL1	1.89587337400241	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RAI14	-2.93552141465994	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	RARRES3	2.59673137364876	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RASEF	-3.07022784113703	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RASL11B	-2.17297584448284	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	RASSF5	1.83127184993189	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	RD3L	1.94462772314824	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RDH10	-2.90937177201723	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	REC8	1.87430799624192	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RELN	-4.44804799638043	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RELT	-1.81718238614808	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RGS4	-2.09875945143589	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RGS5	-2.00491825967488	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RIPOR2	-4.77119787744235	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	RNF144A	3.2342957142169	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RNF165	-2.86614637791447	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RNF207	-2.08678431316162	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ROBO1	-3.22778653155588	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	RORA	2.55724683265799	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	RPS4Y1	5.63425695646565	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	RRAD	4.36910510573604	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RRAS	-2.93359697844311	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RRBP1	-2.67526738600417	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RRP12	-3.51338787746299	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RSAD2	-2.08746659436629	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	RTL1	2.28339860986531	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	RTN4RL1	2.21901157214024	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	RXRG	-3.22110511107039	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	S100A10	-2.13297128013788	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	S100A4	3.20467551286547	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SAMD9L	1.97485026233307	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SAT1	-3.43391742363629	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SCARA3	2.78928037904608	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SCD	14.3025816371017	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SCN7A	2.69147779974036	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SCUBE3	-2.53621715900034	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SELENBP1	3.9622836341541	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SEMA4B	2.18609734023859	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SEMA5A	-2.53416693718582	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SERPINB2	-3.39975118116051	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SERPINE1	-6.40176486522008	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SERPING1	1.95487691793676	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SFRP2	7.69035665681507	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SH3GL3	-1.84258583659925	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SHOX2	2.10466791035164	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SHROOM2	-1.81908620387797	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SHROOM4	-2.45506707251386	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SKIL	-1.99251655976577	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SLC15A2	2.23029948267676	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SLC1A3	-2.06246130498865	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SLC1A5	-5.14041972668309	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SLC29A1	2.87798200632138	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SLC2A3	-2.84333776695403	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SLC2A4	1.96840207727127	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SLC6A1	-4.08050757291113	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SLC6A4	-3.09059728499534	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SLC6A6	-16.3110798751815	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SLC7A5	-2.75828116878323	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SLCO4C1	2.55921552559338	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SLFN5	3.05589398737862	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SLIT3	-3.22442108604517	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SLITRK4	-2.94074150766934	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SMOC2	2.46930725912191	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SNX10	-2.1703898830368	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SNX22	2.25086204482069	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SOCS3	5.08337794901025	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SORCS2	2.26083504933103	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SORCS3	-2.1198867944086	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SORL1	-1.98047631702114	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SORT1	-2.03720523228012	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SOX3	3.0031789150859	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SOX9	-4.08447295623466	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SP110	3.30472790024632	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SPARC	-3.40627106776509	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SPHK1	-1.86088982516641	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SPOCK1	-7.15251095157805	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SPOCK2	-9.75817747398437	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SPON1	-7.53498941442264	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SPRY4	-16.3270286591957	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SPTBN2	-2.17302265918893	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SQLE	6.74328838215935	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SQSTM1	2.84680052843992	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SREBF1	3.9549550832642	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SREBF2	2.21989882757678	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ST6GAL2	-4.96342134208639	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ST8SIA5	-2.03076413134101	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	STAT1	3.90524392056352	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	STAT3	2.0885101374846	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	STAT4	-3.46695744051288	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SULF1	-2.48180858621141	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SULT1E1	-7.8945838783214	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	SUSD2	3.50410738819284	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SV2C	-3.17836487335772	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	SYNPO2L	-2.30623463272655	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TAC3	2.01406610731689	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TAF9B	-2.46002756709528	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TAGLN	-8.32528592699796	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TBX4	2.12743789661207	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TDGF1	-2.20412869557674	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TEX14	-2.18005169033052	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TGFB2	-3.00260024735756	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TGFB3	-2.53559042886779	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TGFBI	-2.11426352581691	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TGFBR3	1.92206680353861	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	THBS4	-6.3242545876062	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TIMP4	-1.8424604925911	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TINAGL1	-6.64783201769976	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TM4SF1	-5.43322698309367	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TM7SF2	2.97102139329731	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TMEM119	4.56392029130695	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TMEM120A	2.04801882582215	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TMEM130	2.39092414903901	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TMEM71	-3.431220682595	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TMEM97	5.27351871986259	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TNFAIP3	1.87933927136178	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TNFRSF11B	2.88994962957292	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TNFRSF21	-3.49627235921808	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TNK2	-2.38677439047067	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TNNI1	1.86832621306005	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TNNT1	-2.51108365936105	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TNS2	-2.12212252497452	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TOGARAM2	-4.60787928637744	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TP53I3	1.83761139237714	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TPM2	-2.57914088765452	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TRH	2.07221585983823	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TRIB1	-2.7532925419498	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TRIM14	5.86432020777993	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TRIM16L	3.12160230901779	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	TRIM25	4.85652430554365	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TRPV2	-2.33020488553817	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TSPAN18	-2.1469517362277	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TUBA1C	-3.47268059886271	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TUBA4A	-7.23070849510943	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TUBB3	-3.31965132615056	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TUBB4A	-2.68494822805524	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	TXNIP	-6.24832142537343	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	UAP1L1	3.24401904860991	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	UBA7	2.74016074226	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	UBASH3B	-1.84727772388418	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	UBE2L6	2.12736342064969	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	UCHL1	-2.69742323253681	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	UFD1	-2.14735552104993	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ULBP2	-2.17838391296286	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	UNC13D	-2.61429248190898	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	USH1C	2.67170195255893	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	USP18	2.69974336984211	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	USP9Y	4.88183844444633	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	UTY	3.41278378713302	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	VCAN	-3.9809927328377	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	VWA5A	2.15027638529514	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	WDR74	-3.34348234581499	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	WFDC1	1.83570920798215	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	WNT2	2.38433269432771	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	XIRP2	3.71939215937778	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	XPR1	-1.90212241091897	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	XRCC4	-2.55730590872441	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ZFP36L2	2.06037142090476	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ZFY	2.20639059766671	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Blue	ZNF280D	2.54778986186199	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ZNF618	-1.85355807261527	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Blue	ZNF850	-1.93071225882121	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	A2M	2.46526002467252	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ABCC9	1.38693709743235	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ABLIM3	1.85904042057839	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ABTB2	-1.5102666826017	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ACAN	-1.25692506446609	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ACAT2	2.24755674534688	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ACE2	-1.33847984486103	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ACOT7	-1.39957663559828	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ACTA1	-2.15929169644821	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ACTA2	-1.29828838534162	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ADAM11	2.42389364292625	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ADAM33	1.18782481594738	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ADAMTS12	-3.41107552094008	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ADAMTS5	1.75427104174976	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ADAMTS8	-1.61894396985399	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ADM	1.40562272756018	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	AGT	1.32806316434812	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	AHNAK2	-4.58792607772209	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	AIF1L	-2.06767521672657	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	AKAP1	1.29331078335931	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ALAS2	-2.02949763149013	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ALDH1A1	-1.41068072986986	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ALDH1A3	-2.50209269941234	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ALDOC	2.1015723672562	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ALKAL2	-1.16097021371927	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ANKRD1	-3.5753373789364	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ANKRD63	1.59537592308505	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ANKS1B	-1.28582566649553	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ANLN	-2.76743980346507	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ANO4	-1.18242205417036	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ANTXR1	-1.35275814191295	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ANXA1	-1.39861111491976	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	APLP1	-1.75663767831017	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	AQP7	1.99428776069361	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ARG2	-1.27221413429322	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ARRDC4	-1.9256422655142	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ART3	1.40926659446792	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ASB11	2.2056639847865	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ASNS	2.00720988662648	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ASPM	-1.96126708935028	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ATF3	1.53583116237071	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ATP13A3	-1.54504366376781	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ATP1B4	-2.07183735382251	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	AXIN2	1.16010631600814	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	BCAT1	-1.3677666990295	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	BCL2L11	1.24945046352529	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	BCL6	1.32942595820246	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	BEST1	-1.25396004262915	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	BGN	-1.98939253409982	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	BHLHE40	2.34992755418616	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	BHMT	-1.42213560800298	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	BIRC5	-2.7905062859268	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	BLVRB	1.21650088140812	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	BMF	2.30254586538658	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	BMP10	-1.76072157066315	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	BMP6	-1.4192565904266	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	BOC	1.58574760449339	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	BRINP3	1.69218896598369	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	BRIP1	-1.22470929249663	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	BST2	2.37732863682756	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	BTG2	1.69454811192165	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	BUB1	-1.94956602862038	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	BUB1B	-1.53040989412815	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	C11ORF21	1.38300493604866	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	C19ORF66	1.61540864702428	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	C1QL1	1.19017618289799	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	C1R	1.57399896742522	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	C3ORF58	-1.19187415965275	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	C6ORF223	2.80192490040903	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	C7	-1.71367341919392	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CA14	2.17510650863856	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CACNA1G	2.05986335002052	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CACNA1H	-2.09752411374092	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CADPS2	1.60619559794036	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CALM1	-1.63174109945864	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CCDC80	-1.16658797678099	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CCL21	-9.73985617051756	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CCNA2	-1.96236993976017	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CCNB1	-1.80555923431422	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CCNB2	-1.34405678688911	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CCNG2	1.51584370305001	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CCT2	-1.42935066396439	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CD24	-3.40898165078485	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CD248	1.58687297022478	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CDC20	-1.34749217955701	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CDC42EP1	-1.36727907847502	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CDC45	-1.23174711293001	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CDC6	-2.4439184700311	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CDCA8	-1.28596087069497	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CDH1	-1.89290635210236	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CDH11	-2.05251037589831	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CDK1	-1.8749084319564	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CDON	1.19890212957446	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CEBPD	1.28034325507142	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CENPE	-1.97998553766192	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CENPF	-2.81080719280083	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CENPU	-1.16776337717913	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CEP55	-1.76680800599542	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CERS4	1.22700449128811	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CHAC1	3.8673575735724	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CHAF1A	-1.15478893968295	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CHCHD2	-5.6038356099786	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CHRNA3	-1.3232875995792	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CIT	-1.56021075024743	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CKM	2.0921031902336	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CKMT2	1.61298078359839	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CLDN1	-1.34592937139286	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CLDN6	-3.60671232655171	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CLIC6	-2.61826088807482	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CLSPN	-2.30629184934582	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CLSTN2	-2.50712298808977	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CLU	1.19876682681277	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CNN1	-1.16459889718579	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CNRIP1	1.28551347447462	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	COL13A1	-2.88138988146253	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	COL14A1	4.30908167621221	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	COL15A1	3.66707268828519	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	COL16A1	1.27163682134652	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	COL23A1	1.22540698356395	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	COL27A1	1.38290480783726	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	COL3A1	1.40537374709363	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	COL6A1	1.44268189471788	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	COL6A6	2.66079954562983	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	COL7A1	1.2489576919136	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	COL8A1	-2.15971645101773	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	COL9A1	-1.57534171452954	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	COL9A2	-4.1074439722181	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	COLQ	-2.89298255993644	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CORIN	1.31832679900864	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	COTL1	-2.97184501858113	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	COX6A2	1.6451600410192	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CPAMD8	-1.28810289484291	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CPNE5	4.28055101970026	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CRABP2	-2.6872369565382	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CRB2	-2.20888441124423	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CREBRF	1.21356571376254	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CRISPLD2	1.33124035463117	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CRMP1	-1.85288521846456	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CRYBA1	-1.39045173059996	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CRYBA4	-2.11655813054425	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CRYBB1	-3.51477901081492	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CRYBB2	-1.6726608465553	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CSF1	1.53974211471281	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CTGF	-2.09642269757947	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CTSB	-1.29663258621765	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CTSV	-1.66601613708184	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CUX2	-1.3311780828976	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CXCL14	-2.10049258628465	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CXCR4	-1.870541559821	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CYBRD1	1.50892776825682	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	CYP1B1	-2.04637195468218	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	CYP51A1	2.2633838360296	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DCN	2.31203215111637	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	DDAH1	-1.62780999718821	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DDIT3	1.56766831222578	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DDIT4	3.08193343177268	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DDIT4L	1.22856674998706	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DDX58	2.74756838963518	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	DEPDC1	-1.51851003550079	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DEPP1	1.60839971808154	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	DGKI	-7.01540718067189	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DHCR24	2.15428520492561	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DHCR7	3.25220340245778	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	DHRS2	-1.40066425368417	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DHRS7C	1.37895102265658	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	DIAPH3	-1.36090262683375	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DIO3	1.33198264038425	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DIRAS3	1.7527241487377	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	DLGAP5	-2.37657841410093	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DLK1	7.47873232384288	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DMKN	1.39033716631085	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DNHD1	1.20256473494944	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	DPYSL4	-1.45446248789362	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	DRP2	-9.21644633005747	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DSCAML1	1.31113336870848	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	DTL	-1.69046776212128	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	DTX3L	2.19733099209183	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	DUSP6	-3.05300726376943	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	DYSF	-1.17862510244507	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	E2F1	-1.50938022504526	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	EFEMP1	-3.1720401660848	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	EFNB3	1.44989780129429	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	EFR3B	-1.50290822031379	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ELF3	1.34131375570055	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ELN	-5.33029334744706	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ENC1	-2.50636301685617	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ENO1	-1.25258071778071	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	EPAS1	1.6248449287846	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	EPHA2	-3.48176272879414	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	EPHA4	-1.88847680211637	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	EPHB2	-1.23770815289937	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	EPHB3	-4.12813363830461	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	EPN3	1.67635120279618	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	EPPK1	-1.77617675486822	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ERBB3	1.61793333063094	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	EREG	1.56506646450429	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ETV4	-2.67086732275645	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ETV5	-11.8381276011591	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	FAM111B	-1.53996030770251	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FAM124A	1.68197463715132	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FAM129A	1.35666328434534	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FAM53B	1.37444939375242	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	FAM83D	-1.1889436213307	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	FANCD2	-1.40683238204512	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	FANCI	-1.57341356297898	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FASN	3.28264088294619	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	FAT3	-1.88203721587596	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	FBN1	-2.14802156654414	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FBXO32	2.90023353690184	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FBXO40	3.0585953366076	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FDFT1	2.04270463697038	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FDPS	2.5995742626557	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	FDXR	-1.7682266446725	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	FEN1	-1.6245721915729	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FHL2	1.68233217463379	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FMOD	1.51403525635641	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	FN1	-1.77287535402976	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FNDC5	1.47924177217434	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FNIP2	2.52559642737115	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FOS	2.95952697017838	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FOSL1	1.33284164783854	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	FOXM1	-1.70003063976711	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	FRMD3	-1.59234727567725	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	FSCN1	-1.23560413508449	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	FSTL3	-1.4171739516739	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FTL	1.40141890943874	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	FXYD5	-1.32355083835593	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	FXYD6	1.42444665659809	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	GAS1	1.40240345573559	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	GDF2	-3.75900216263956	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	GDF6	-1.35760760225392	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	GFOD1	-3.31563506692858	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	GINS1	-1.15639268568334	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	GJA5	1.24494932128096	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	GLA	-1.38529693513912	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	GLIPR1	-1.40706204993192	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	GPAT3	1.51106373798075	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	GPC3	1.38127669530066	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	GPNMB	2.32405935212259	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	GPR143	-1.62352960245122	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	GSTT1	1.64000819080299	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	GTSE1	-1.35975520023852	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	GUCY1A1	1.15461431021764	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	HAPLN1	-1.73118804560369	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	HELLS	-1.43581686846218	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	HELZ2	1.68173781959693	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	HERPUD1	1.33009932920843	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	HHATL	4.73955361975555	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	HJURP	-1.27165329900313	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	HKDC1	-2.67681815428857	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	HMGA1	-1.19605641405825	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	HMGA2	-1.66694773694775	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	HMGCR	2.45274801369173	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	HMGCS1	4.44347320387108	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	HMOX1	2.08392933490074	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	HSD17B2	-3.03906960905246	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	HSD17B7	1.20336655299847	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	HSPA1B	-1.43686033599245	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	HSPA2	-1.2700994604123	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	HSPB3	1.45115194600112	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	IDI1	2.17635827997263	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	IFI44	3.3613839017413	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	IFI6	4.94252828918013	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	IFIH1	2.61549834016656	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	IFIT1	3.17832929588056	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	IFIT3	3.50129485291891	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	IFITM1	3.32467621887432	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	IFITM3	1.86658453508311	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	IGDCC4	1.28653249642961	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	IGF1	1.20529104439951	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	IGF2	2.95345078339419	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	IGFBP2	-2.66607337117822	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	IGFBP5	2.4998868306384	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	IGFBP7	-1.62859532889543	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	INA	-1.33789714624659	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	INHBA	-2.11372986227355	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	INHBE	-1.22477593289101	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	INSIG1	5.66545738187845	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	IQGAP3	-2.62032023897725	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	IRF9	1.59826736094585	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ISG15	3.81558243061857	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ISLR	3.46015038764476	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ITGA10	1.36897638292991	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ITGA4	-2.08740145999037	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ITIH5	-1.77701988261846	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	KCNIP2	4.8491169766942	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	KCNJ8	1.32935196017135	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KCNK6	-1.15570218307534	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KCTD17	-3.1105523958777	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KIF11	-1.47161532066947	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KIF14	-1.84927416021803	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KIF18B	-1.53111085704714	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KIF20A	-2.11792109224244	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KIF20B	-1.18594387655589	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KIF23	-1.58775781218509	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KIF2C	-1.63375624450548	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KIF4A	-1.77367170635087	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KIFAP3	-1.35852451740495	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KLHL13	-1.18163474165389	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	KLHL24	1.39619540763365	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KNL1	-2.28372292241654	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KNTC1	-1.23894891063988	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KPNA2	-1.91487949451244	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KRT18	-1.22993538522177	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KRT7	-5.32928945009971	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	KRT80	-1.82902920765971	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	KY	3.3538403370707	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	LACC1	-1.19265856415891	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	LAMA1	-1.80921793207917	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	LCNL1	1.40112038167499	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	LDLR	2.22640378658	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	LGALS3	2.47951866243539	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	LGI2	-6.32698249064565	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	LMOD3	1.83251865996482	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	LOC101927401	3.57292362629324	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	LOXHD1	-1.76984535015136	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	LOXL1	-2.1061300980084	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	LOXL4	-2.43578799221401	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	LPCAT4	1.4065480041127	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	LRP2	-2.49372715327734	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	LRP8	-1.7437140808124	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	LRRC10	2.0303157424416	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	LRRC14B	1.26939574728451	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	LRRC39	1.45338594630566	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	LRRC4B	-1.1788077668985	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	LRRN1	-1.95169556192923	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	LRRN4	-3.03899149968389	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	LSMEM1	1.30136408402045	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	LSS	2.06576631152699	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	LUM	3.42461299247366	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	LYPD6	-1.52323756174633	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	LYPD6B	-3.1030844557595	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MAOA	1.71886441275635	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MAP1B	-1.33646339334571	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MAP2K6	1.75355478672754	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MAP3K7CL	-1.26770432095453	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MAPKAPK3	1.32568029359703	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MASP1	-5.81666245692712	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MB	2.93711628441136	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MCM10	-1.34361022489036	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MCM5	-1.65376710399671	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MCM6	-1.33510199070244	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MELK	-1.17403677250633	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MELTF	-2.26445926767678	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MFAP4	2.96348651891741	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MGP	1.39363568981771	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MID1	-1.35167375636699	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MKI67	-2.28781188593505	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MLIP	1.31659981361879	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MME	1.61223874975613	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MMP1	-1.93220513574411	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MN1	-2.04193974413234	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MRC2	1.2624673405002	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MSMO1	2.60026232780524	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MTRNR2L1	-1.26477129732063	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MVD	3.15305938036773	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MX1	5.43987975426823	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MXI1	1.29510274213567	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MYBL2	-3.50262375366465	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MYC	1.56834125956609	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MYH14	-1.44490797522996	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MYLK	-1.36029937572773	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MYO15B	1.52141595216371	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MYO1B	-1.48693427695526	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MYO1D	-1.27366581767498	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MYOM2	1.20790572269817	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MYOM3	1.45264551349762	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	MYRF	-1.5554716777229	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	MYZAP	1.43318241402983	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	NCAPG	-1.32820159988357	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	NCAPH	-1.16129857577764	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	NDC80	-1.23971338521613	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	NDRG4	1.49942785770685	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	NEDD9	-1.6672157588049	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	NEFM	-1.31554524058851	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	NEK6	-1.3785018205607	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	NELL2	-2.76830778123424	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	NES	-3.61774211169685	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	NMRK2	2.36254058984973	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	NPPA	-10.7229979969073	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	NPPB	-6.9397185376774	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	NQO1	-1.35088468889423	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	NR4A1	1.2497971564195	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	NR4A2	1.37037422989308	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	NR4A3	2.28209730127885	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	NRK	1.16687789350898	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	NT5DC3	-1.20608000532083	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	NTN1	-2.17898625893306	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	NTRK2	1.34420802900736	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	NUPR1	2.60827814237579	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	NUSAP1	-1.50700259682302	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	OAS3	2.51092194775574	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	OGN	1.62059353023733	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	OTUD1	1.80200952417812	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	OTX2	-2.7211893240815	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	P3H2	-2.82859082163352	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PACRG	2.48886576157927	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PADI2	2.10156015399351	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PAPPA	-1.96891936238717	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PARM1	2.11831438055525	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PARP14	1.59340124502612	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PARP9	1.69048938843512	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PAX5	-1.1698669842898	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PAX6	-1.48096525195679	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PBK	-2.26754635136916	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PCDH1	-1.42928466265981	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PCGF5	-1.56927548973833	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PCOLCE	1.57657305798432	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PCYT2	1.91953793531022	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PDE3A	2.64902214300333	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PDK4	1.44692699651404	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PDLIM3	-1.53822598973498	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PEG10	3.72832985608707	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PER3	1.80487826616603	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PGAM2	1.33165537982897	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PHLDA1	-3.142513456096	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PIK3IP1	1.76079750262914	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PITPNM1	-2.38800249185582	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PLAGL1	1.1541473099055	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PLCE1	-1.35161855573404	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PLCL2	1.94825361824983	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PLK1	-1.57966602319596	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PLN	1.6207382900157	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PLPP3	1.73356139273135	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PLXNA2	-2.86296971669353	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PMEL	-18.8975100214209	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PNPLA7	1.89767962374918	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PODXL	-2.49735236058665	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PPARD	2.69175513628254	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PPP1R15A	1.17517547241362	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PPP1R1A	2.86159780503463	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PRC1	-1.4328241403064	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PRR11	-2.80862142096613	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PRRX1	-1.32326365617608	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PRSS23	-1.54309380142012	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PTGDS	5.02327853318191	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PTGIS	-1.16861421812917	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PTPRN	-1.27997863852211	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PTTG1	-1.97592941776616	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	PTX3	-1.30024880014992	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	PXDNL	2.71266891126892	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	QPRT	1.20725748508925	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RAB31	-1.25877366832341	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RAI14	-1.93570169388481	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	RAMP1	1.16165194359265	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	RARRES3	1.75414613012429	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	RASD1	1.15781887514699	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RASEF	-1.96377803965144	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	RASGEF1B	1.60060593241805	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RASL11B	-1.38869135587066	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	RASL12	1.38069243093112	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RDH10	-1.58609175134643	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RELN	-2.7065064574191	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RFTN1	-1.65027028366721	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RGS5	-1.2507063409709	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RIPOR2	-3.18947535770031	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	RNF144A	1.58412852969451	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RNF165	-1.173211098336	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ROBO1	-1.39402204869284	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	RPL3L	1.49951351772242	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	RRAD	2.53653312543248	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RRBP1	-1.33990451984183	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RRM2	-2.48460980502659	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RRP12	-1.45644047657423	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RSAD2	-1.38599917643588	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	RXRG	-2.06631260433088	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	S100A10	-1.29942702163937	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	S100A4	1.23547437874816	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SCD	3.96835572047199	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SCN1A	1.15335770444715	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SCN7A	1.19260337782172	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SDC3	-1.26230532514522	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SEL1L3	-1.31640065002591	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SELENBP1	2.42573897355667	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SEMA6A	1.18590021464143	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SERPINE1	-5.03141431442449	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SERPINI1	1.54071840179806	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SESN2	1.20039851008067	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SFRP2	5.01127864699028	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SFRP5	-1.85854856347644	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SGSM1	1.39236840404466	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SHROOM2	-1.28427152053575	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SHROOM4	-1.87375078153524	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SLC12A6	1.42935175406641	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SLC1A5	-3.45523362058276	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SLC29A1	2.39398494339398	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SLC2A4	1.41530883013741	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SLC6A1	-2.83754835954405	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SLC6A20	-1.4744427264458	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SLC6A6	-10.4178959312395	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SLC7A11	1.62407146314374	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SLC7A5	-1.99014509503309	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SLC7A8	-2.32815465329868	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SLITRK4	-1.90547181956277	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SMIM10L1	-1.31322356742053	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SOCS2	-1.40336019800873	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SOCS3	1.79086173097119	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SORBS1	1.59246096307941	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SORCS3	-3.41800446172305	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SOX9	-2.44534520487697	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SPAG5	-1.55599382591763	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SPC24	-1.81563391164898	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SPHKAP	1.59968069801528	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SPNS2	-1.54799195563777	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SPOCK1	-4.17830856695727	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SPOCK2	-1.71343192390359	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SPON1	-1.56476024729654	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SPP1	-2.51185132992267	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SPRED2	-1.32495894193383	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SPRY4	-12.0496990189236	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SQLE	1.89432127439788	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SQSTM1	1.56012493527612	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SREBF1	1.70368317067684	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SRPX	1.27064329246354	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SRXN1	1.48932942793492	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ST6GAL2	-2.94752987695915	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ST8SIA5	-1.24908079395237	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	STAT4	-3.18929648399696	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	STC2	1.43422043497645	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	STON2	-1.81232110230895	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SULF1	-2.21067975605299	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SULT1E1	-2.23810294007427	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	SUSD2	3.19417065656661	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SV2C	-1.69575576991539	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	SYT12	-1.49023529762447	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TAF9B	-1.74043802786996	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TAGLN	-3.90717365507132	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TAGLN2	-1.56666177166179	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TBX20	1.32593941106523	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TBX4	1.18486635009623	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TDGF1	-1.76785112018782	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TESC	1.56561313251633	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TGFB2	-1.65321450820848	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TGFB3	-1.35440760179213	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TGFBR2	1.313731237734	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TGFBR3	1.66944250360048	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	THBD	-1.40245461696557	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	THBS4	-4.0515870883545	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	THSD4	1.15384544299342	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TINAGL1	-2.21949654052973	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TK1	-1.3066930958301	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TM4SF1	-1.50054822673205	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TMEM119	1.63583840220574	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TMEM151A	-1.41103543344847	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TMEM176A	1.4021950254239	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TMEM176B	1.58591531886375	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TMEM71	-2.04973777937913	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TNFAIP3	1.50827736791776	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TNFRSF10D	-1.23399667782066	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TNFRSF19	1.49190792724246	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TNFRSF21	-3.03782846406637	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TNNT1	-1.21852896799577	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TOP2A	-1.87273292213006	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TPX2	-2.10869268061468	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TRIB1	-1.88308734430123	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TRIM14	1.30404613134259	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TRIM16	1.17324268958418	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TRIM16L	2.02576963492147	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TRIM25	1.22989320215269	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TRIM63	1.17148873484019	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TRIP13	-1.40990213217752	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TROAP	-1.26253745123425	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TRPM3	-1.20171595471539	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TRPV2	-1.15934336647173	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TSPAN10	-1.82156328183746	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TSPAN12	1.71936548204091	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TSPAN18	-1.25925111239397	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TSPO	1.2091561655077	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TTK	-1.25253138231965	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TUBA1B	-1.31505759635806	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TUBA1C	-2.53426682071111	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TUBA4A	-1.86184839584719	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TUBB	-1.67890388234016	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TUBB2B	-1.68245844349079	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TUBB3	-2.38203770519525	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TUBB4A	-1.83977275885309	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TUBB4B	-1.5240442005389	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TXNIP	-2.16868498454226	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	TXNRD1	1.29006651499832	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TYMS	-1.71719066295143	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TYR	-1.5657856888373	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	TYRP1	-7.15471843233397	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	UAP1L1	2.00378469327512	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	UBASH3B	-1.18918848967736	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	UBE2C	-1.46094252332019	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	UBE2S	-1.42300165062912	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	UCHL1	-2.88191795317166	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	UHRF1	-1.17142235390272	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	UNC13D	-1.19346511810833	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	USH1C	1.56120633612197	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	VASH1	-1.28842631722328	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	VCAN	-2.33856620883678	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	VEGFA	1.22904138442011	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	WDR74	-1.64730822909901	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	WWC1	-1.71684640496359	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	XIRP2	2.41030853970699	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ZC3H12A	1.28906557550354	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	Pink	ZFP36L2	1.20868467697543	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ZNF367	-1.40494085121041	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	Pink	ZWINT	-1.33555634612019	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	A2M	6.16203934167412	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ABCC9	2.84446528602004	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ABLIM3	2.15393414491329	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ABTB2	-3.55133622543304	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ACAT2	4.36676738629515	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ACE2	-3.28786811423594	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ACKR3	2.08635556882973	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ACTA1	-7.75804356628753	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ACTA2	-3.75863161025539	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADAM11	3.14972830251885	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAM19	-2.56399748536239	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADAM33	3.05887860028841	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS10	2.10877362031773	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS12	-5.62213248902641	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS19	2.53192514160968	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS2	2.7746755575083	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS5	3.63193930989182	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTS8	-2.63445241349519	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADAMTSL1	-2.09564542188148	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ADGRG6	-2.58687871591913	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	AHNAK	2.5920523433545	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	AIF1L	-4.23089919922154	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	AKAP1	2.14003768666173	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ALAS2	-7.47798190094991	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ALDH1A1	-7.21794946220512	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ALDH1A3	-2.39376221459266	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ALDH1L2	3.68316406080431	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	AMER1	2.68711554514774	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ANK1	2.06016820452308	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ANKRD1	-7.34412276398998	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ANKRD63	2.25532892642396	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ANKS1B	-2.33150595938221	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ANLN	-3.84799002990678	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ANXA1	-2.16539823140999	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	APCDD1	-2.29276677650109	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	APOBEC2	2.32014197737123	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	APOE	-2.11474744963867	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	AQP10	-2.11181606709668	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	AQP7	2.8319685556915	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ARC	-4.28673551211687	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ARID5A	-2.92696228702761	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ASB11	2.3837767074644	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ASPM	-2.53166786112058	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ASPN	-3.57256784707526	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ATF3	2.6851029876612	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ATP13A3	-2.46930975938484	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ATP1B4	-6.07782339835575	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	AZIN1	-2.19831997364169	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	B3GNT2	-2.03744663022901	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	BAIAP2	-2.14888211543786	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	BCAT1	-2.76540129170382	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	BCL2L11	2.07644000836228	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	BGN	-5.35922854725967	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	BHLHE40	2.69191765685777	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	BHMT	-5.83593843993082	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	BIRC5	-4.03341032843657	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	BMF	5.46172092517292	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	BMP10	-2.24021707000324	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	BMP2	-2.20768902857775	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	BNIP3	-4.22087094547725	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	BOC	2.0112465673259	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	BOK	-2.16538097162327	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	BTG2	3.2498531263051	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	BUB1	-1.99640153341222	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	C1ORF105	-2.37473994603866	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	C1R	4.74100046773808	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	C3ORF58	-2.92493288987874	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	C6ORF223	3.85703239529488	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	C7	-4.3982851748711	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CA14	3.86906944693567	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CACNA1G	2.49707459801874	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CACNA1H	-2.34624885270847	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CALM1	-3.51304088157738	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CALN1	3.28479995275986	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CASQ1	-3.09350076137022	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CASQ2	2.58659258004798	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CAVIN2	-3.91323581720503	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCBE1	-4.0589747136606	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCDC85B	-2.512588171464	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCL2	-2.0636976793197	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCL21	-17.6200307872126	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCNA2	-2.22160910464403	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CCNG2	2.234947024795	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCT2	-2.71692516015179	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CD24	-2.87870543768654	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CD44	-2.08828965350458	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CD47	-2.21267833066713	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDC6	-3.87812351117576	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDK1	-3.21990208014718	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CDON	3.28847661017107	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CEBPD	3.34712257030778	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CEMIP	6.26721555316356	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CENPE	-2.72527326434083	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CENPF	-2.97899229594494	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CENPN	-2.46889662565331	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CENPU	-2.03522537308615	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CEP55	-2.10251710225976	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CFH	3.31120232501705	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CFL2	-2.27075822002101	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CHAC1	3.94468071103748	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CHCHD2	-13.4900956220537	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CHRDL1	-2.77963133759763	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CKB	-4.0982396959136	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CKM	-2.4842818427771	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CLCN6	2.05440420132343	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CLDN1	-3.01271718532943	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CLDN6	-3.08115661924068	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CLIC6	-5.17821161314118	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CLSPN	-3.37613908300981	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CLSTN2	-2.97729244421505	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CNN1	-4.71460344200408	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CNRIP1	2.3610409823492	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	COL13A1	-5.29041515080354	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	COL14A1	8.29541155883623	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	COL15A1	9.40826858109633	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	COL16A1	2.84120554007418	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	COL1A2	-2.81092118652457	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	COL2A1	-4.73839950962071	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	COL6A2	-3.16950591440874	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	COL6A6	3.62695854179291	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	COL7A1	2.8015520811944	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	COL9A1	-4.49234215618008	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	COL9A2	-5.98549644837213	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	COLQ	-5.43487619626165	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CORIN	3.09469978997434	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	COTL1	-5.33452493959493	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	COX7A1	-2.51549240902968	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CPA4	-3.09095450646129	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CPAMD8	-6.16177234795541	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CPNE5	7.2479843858295	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CRABP2	-3.38126988921111	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CRIP1	-3.01847269317082	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CRYBA1	-6.44972984186783	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CRYBA2	-3.21590974267506	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CRYBA4	-10.271703677166	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CRYBB1	-16.6328099837796	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CRYBB2	-8.14509344256384	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CRYBB3	-5.42400520063722	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CSF1	2.34099007125263	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CSRP1	-3.89805515800408	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CTDSP2	2.31163914098118	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CTGF	-4.9988130998003	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CTHRC1	2.08543851655093	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CTSB	-2.76607276815137	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CXCL14	-3.04945007529178	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CXCR4	-3.21029735252708	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CYBRD1	2.05361988098669	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CYP1B1	-2.2771242174534	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	CYP2J2	-2.20365761516771	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	CYP51A1	3.60774936658399	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	DACT1	-2.95625389492834	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	DAPK3	-2.08091730528647	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	DCN	2.23956601385388	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	DDAH1	-3.20645059615258	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	DDR2	2.71269166790599	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	DDX58	2.53573681995734	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	DEPDC1	-3.1872491020813	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	DGKI	-12.3474242142734	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	DHCR24	4.04787298154808	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	DHCR7	6.03618540139175	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	DHRS2	-3.27868189961526	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	DIRAS3	3.01413739827573	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	DLGAP5	-2.39857299856934	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	DLK1	6.16226458661137	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	DMKN	3.29009319879632	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	DNAJA4	-2.52174809785937	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	DNHD1	2.07346455501668	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	DPYSL4	-2.73767511713435	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	DRP2	-11.7320992818222	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	DSCAML1	2.56671200016104	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	DTL	-2.20984823206171	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	DTX3L	2.68575171213906	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	DUSP4	-2.2133672823641	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	DUSP6	-6.93080145772367	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	EFEMP1	-2.88981003029354	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	EFNB3	2.15291548073824	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	EFR3B	-2.21148905771665	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	EGR1	4.3550354160781	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	EGR2	-2.57459274335845	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	EIF5B	-2.33525721848647	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ELF3	2.63315125211962	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	EMILIN1	-2.49774220114018	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ENAH	-2.0039539068998	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ENC1	-2.16299516802362	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ENO1	-3.31590275106243	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ENO2	-3.49421334984276	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	EPAS1	3.56385237017617	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	EPHA2	-4.3917813080107	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	EPHA4	-2.38497591459536	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	EPHB1	2.71946184834742	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	EPHB2	-2.17298396222255	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	EPHB3	-6.20971425184559	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	EPN3	3.1520989689056	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	EPPK1	-2.32795378528038	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ERBB3	2.24011288742574	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	EREG	2.76230198610635	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ERO1A	-2.12294364768939	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ETV4	-5.69740343843226	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ETV5	-24.3948560022794	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	EXO1	-2.00721604026232	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	FAM107A	-2.20222399183454	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	FAM111B	-2.7294045295916	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAM124A	3.80312635194342	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAM20A	2.84824403172495	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAM53B	2.21558260771151	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	FAM83G	-2.52929635599331	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAP	2.02624637754395	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FASN	7.14212299771747	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAT4	3.12107646758186	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	FBN1	-3.90339114893116	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FBXO32	2.24539330829907	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FBXO40	3.41905619532427	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FDFT1	3.72644123372557	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FDPS	4.0926240967254	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	FEN1	-2.48359628072757	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	FGF1	-2.74004422402457	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FHL2	2.06386492213494	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	FJX1	-2.58593489764212	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	FKBP5	-3.90169389510724	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	FN1	-2.06876987434592	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FNDC5	2.42910542879987	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FNIP2	2.82369320206508	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FOS	5.28466535756679	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	FOXM1	-2.03947571252449	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FREM2	2.87162817977579	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	FRMD3	-3.12728165605965	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FRY	2.60437795513128	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	FSTL3	-3.13508210490503	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	FXYD5	-2.70401812609365	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FXYD6	2.44118179020683	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	FZD1	2.06566729008684	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	GADD45B	-4.26653615552968	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	GADD45G	-2.21913522521027	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	GAPDH	-2.28863562865276	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	GBE1	-2.17103221638555	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	GDF2	-6.39143970363139	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	GDNF	-2.19960066558324	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	GFOD1	-6.05202781957738	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	GGH	-2.32858345946484	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	GINS2	-2.16955126374383	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	GJA5	6.57042301146029	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	GLA	-4.152605550404	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	GMFB	-2.07258738308102	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	GPD1L	-3.13180573919355	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	GPNMB	3.17299362608496	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	GPR35	2.04309074891867	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	GSTM2	2.18118593572259	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	GSTT1	3.07382881748683	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	GTSE1	-2.16347402595178	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	GUCY1A1	3.43605598623405	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	HAPLN3	-2.12834037584027	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	HELLS	-2.38115946240394	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	HES1	-2.73134446144622	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	HEY2	2.04819779097211	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	HGF	2.26657968573617	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	HHATL	5.90515168343535	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	HKDC1	-6.14491170187683	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	HMGA2	-2.29228167705861	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	HMGCR	4.57961863019788	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	HMGCS1	8.16047773812507	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	HMMR	-2.05065320787498	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	HMOX1	2.21185725698803	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	HOPX	-2.88797493874277	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSD17B2	-7.19691528398531	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	HSD17B7	2.26418075102512	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSPA1B	-4.3932922890971	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSPA8	-2.66882266647213	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	HSPB3	2.30283124523808	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	HSPD1	-2.0148029063619	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	HTRA3	-2.89902972828555	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ID1	-2.9885508678514	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ID2	-3.02862983199556	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	IDH1	2.48989999209435	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	IDI1	2.5458701569473	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	IFI44	4.34862579638585	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	IFI6	5.96553819715385	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	IFIH1	2.6701815474692	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	IFIT1	5.60548278267243	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	IFIT3	2.67272627785424	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	IFITM3	2.71154063126293	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	IGDCC4	2.33266127958736	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	IGF2	9.0152753336416	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	IGFBP2	-4.71903303943227	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	IGFBP5	6.27583541170113	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	IGFBP6	-2.69488459470818	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	IGFBP7	-2.29904945305472	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	IL1RAP	-2.77295333611932	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	IL31RA	-2.09031002186324	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	INHBA	-2.13061755583676	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	INSIG1	10.153943696479	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	INSM2	-2.2027488060521	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	IQGAP3	-3.14825941866724	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	IRF1	2.16693667750379	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	IRF9	2.9242272464161	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	IRX4	2.08713401583566	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ISG15	3.07728522542817	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ISLR	3.54304954915871	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ITGA10	3.04547155067766	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ITGA4	-2.62690815441342	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ITGB2	2.03760709822823	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ITIH5	-2.59604499801835	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	ITLN1	2.73762265938373	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	JUNB	2.15651083439166	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	KCNIP2	11.2100999872666	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	KCNS2	2.54390236636792	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	KCTD17	-6.2322718113229	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	KIAA0754	3.03466514298495	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF14	-2.34099983712808	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF23	-2.13736307782157	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF2C	-2.46129594387173	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIFAP3	-2.90905813772395	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	KLHL13	-2.73407784073115	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	KLHL24	2.2600980877004	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	KLHL3	-2.75630179455819	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	KNL1	-2.50178322340636	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	KRT7	-6.06075023805122	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	KRT80	-3.69735801865376	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	KY	9.63484978962944	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LACC1	-2.99566058332719	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	LAMA5	2.06572756921952	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LDHA	-3.86066741481731	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	LDLR	4.90651489425601	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	LGALS3	4.22890761389569	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LGI2	-11.9563826510107	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LHX2	-2.61176936767021	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LIM2	-2.65835140942677	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LLPH	-2.04341913861075	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LMCD1	-3.44489217868917	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	LMOD3	2.24512875252864	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	LOC101927401	8.05788103504957	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	LOC105377641	2.4383641154192	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LOX	-2.90413427009923	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LOXHD1	-2.2422068079532	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LOXL1	-2.45377057755115	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LOXL4	-2.02052332987388	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	LPCAT4	2.75007922841801	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	LRP1	3.25931675290685	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LRP2	-2.08610126069622	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LRP8	-2.25047718125231	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	LRRC10	4.4842891553567	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LRRC49	-2.73070415047034	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LRRC4B	-2.04947219201599	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LRRN4	-3.81830447094824	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	LSS	3.85650041722074	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	LYPD6B	-4.35083461882374	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAB21L1	-3.18573113778208	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAFF	-2.14281163773021	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAOA	-2.32612249616079	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAP2	-2.79025069957911	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAPKAPK3	2.31792730197936	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAPKBP1	2.66651843030305	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MARCH11	2.31032258091417	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MASP1	-9.68357704466607	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MB	4.69261765858833	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MCM5	-3.30190086769233	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MCM6	-2.1178923143082	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MEGF6	2.76872121659566	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MET	2.00934141810617	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MFAP4	5.77298324369992	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MID1	-2.50905326814244	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MN1	-3.62781995825288	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MSC	3.3514079895531	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MSMO1	3.5762951960738	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MTRNR2L1	-2.27093746018298	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MTSS1	2.42791179407047	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MTURN	2.53292929839184	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MUC19	2.05917877219826	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MUC5AC	-2.0311091435156	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MVD	5.13729896045365	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MVP	2.28846351807676	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MX1	9.65421839007454	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MXRA8	3.09376568030617	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYBL2	-5.31337525028479	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYCT1	-2.49194485670857	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYH14	-2.40265780980868	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYL12A	-2.77454600535901	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYL3	-4.40708387763868	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYL7	-3.03044741654586	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYLK	-6.52673212615549	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYO1B	-1.99447395470672	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	MYOF	3.50593384487985	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	NANOS1	-2.4868291122566	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	NDRG1	-4.59422099460131	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	NECAB1	-2.04818011419127	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	NEDD9	-3.35662524104057	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	NEFM	-2.50373061701597	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	NEK7	-2.05056365747327	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	NELL2	-3.31689851372739	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	NES	-6.56742923660683	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	NEXN	-2.95903603119723	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	NPPA	-21.4694804887174	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	NPPB	-16.2636759513931	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	NPTX2	-2.16211036792037	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	NR1H4	3.33972072507709	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	NRK	3.26539829145899	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	NRP2	2.77034242271364	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	NTM	2.9487199288801	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	NTN1	-2.12817709467987	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	NTRK2	2.32873255208784	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	NUPR1	3.38619628696928	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	NUSAP1	-2.12175404915256	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	OAS3	3.00003221943097	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	OGN	3.81667158551166	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	OSGIN1	-2.15614965615274	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	OTX2	-5.77841566036761	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	P3H2	-6.29283482860279	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PACRG	2.78001228341945	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PADI2	2.1779905130324	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PARM1	2.68163018787378	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PARP14	2.32979536312482	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PARP9	2.42320926497489	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PAX6	-5.27089066894482	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PBK	-3.9586397332245	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PCDHAC2	2.44007443926365	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PCDHB15	2.27867832164373	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PCGF5	-3.16608461756048	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PCK2	2.14234594680435	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PCNA	-2.05386607269255	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PCOLCE	2.6898958637168	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PCSK9	2.62400285354851	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PCYT2	3.03811084900799	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PDE3A	5.64992584498545	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PDK1	-2.78919873068661	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PEG10	7.32331695684423	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PER3	2.858708740447	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PGAM1	-2.60199865016	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PHGDH	2.2408244259111	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PHLDA1	-7.13442444799927	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PICALM	-2.16554967746997	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PIK3IP1	3.24137809836766	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PITPNM1	-2.39828253874117	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLAGL1	2.32791999412199	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PLCE1	-2.01958758384478	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLCL2	3.59355447906489	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLEKHH3	2.6809128586703	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PLOD1	-2.2546088845789	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLPP3	2.88708058298443	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLSCR1	2.05083030564337	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PLXNA2	-3.74585320885203	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PMEL	-17.5901145317109	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PNCK	-2.33989213799188	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PNP	-3.30565877324428	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PNPLA7	3.53503230830595	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PPARD	4.69034919364889	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PPP1R12C	-2.2338837255217	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PPP1R1A	4.40994393842226	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PRC1	-2.25399513133703	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PRKCH	-2.0124655844777	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PRR11	-3.02304232293748	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PRRX1	-2.48111354524093	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PTGDS	6.71533049632469	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PTPRN	-2.412476825208	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	PTTG1	-2.41929053371085	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PXDNL	4.74631296539685	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	PYROXD2	3.11993064661511	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RAI14	-3.02469767561832	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	RARRES3	2.7864090670343	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RASEF	-3.38202028338039	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RASL11B	-3.52353184883051	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RCAN1	-5.03137091156664	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	RCSD1	2.10402795112035	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RELL1	-2.04140115220141	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RELN	-5.50477107623004	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	RGS6	2.27674763880262	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RIPOR2	-6.60999885451079	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RNF126	-2.09593821893485	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	RNF144A	2.86692525549011	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	RNPC3	2.03699900748334	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RPE65	-2.24750912561564	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	RPL3L	2.37958496299962	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	RRAD	3.13612564843122	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RRAS	-2.56986333924026	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RRBP1	-2.30891544957432	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RRM2	-4.64138031296102	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RRP12	-3.22116833561357	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RSAD2	-2.59929931929847	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	RXRG	-5.5035259904622	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	S100A10	-2.01309193758177	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SAMD12	2.21168310276803	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SCARA3	2.12201862252494	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SCD	6.82613137380982	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SCN1A	2.81573510200519	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SDC3	-1.99299786723227	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SELENBP1	5.40252266078696	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SEMA4B	2.36215516167966	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SEMA6A	2.30383586063896	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SEMA6D	2.43310521201118	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SERPINE1	-4.81313558617324	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SERPINE2	-3.81073220024891	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SERPING1	2.10666976247365	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SERPINI1	2.6565964736451	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SFRP2	4.98922889332415	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SFRP4	2.78267589766831	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SHROOM4	-3.10341125499418	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SIX3	-2.43016075473128	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC12A6	3.01531358908968	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC16A1	-2.12232251071544	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC1A5	-2.32906112931689	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC29A1	3.44322265273811	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC2A2	-2.10462700206442	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC38A2	-2.48870507045144	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC3A2	-2.04756961075506	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC6A1	-5.11248876711244	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC6A6	-23.2407838942024	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC6A9	2.14242380804446	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLCO5A1	2.43598178271942	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLFN5	2.0901581508395	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLITRK4	-2.77929112083848	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SMIM10L1	-2.59801227137754	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SOCS3	5.12509159954359	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SORBS1	2.03227721270069	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SORCS2	2.05815819870259	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SORCS3	-5.53853129881909	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SOX3	2.47181766041467	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SOX9	-6.55179156748029	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPARC	-2.62316573992429	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPC24	-2.76498732980138	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPHK1	-3.78531095273531	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SPHKAP	2.28535345477471	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SPINK5	2.17166495754056	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPNS2	-2.99209624079484	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPOCK1	-6.68417780544414	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPON1	-2.27709084973715	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPP1	-7.58467205206204	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPRED1	-2.0238142243977	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPRED2	-2.94466078933509	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPRY4	-22.7699589078004	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SQLE	3.66252301562178	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SREBF1	3.6183654600009	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SRP9	-2.63603776457281	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	SSPN	-2.26495468360358	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ST6GAL2	-4.10349048955703	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	STAT3	2.49613526758691	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	STAT4	-4.2517628752711	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	STON2	-2.39742579977715	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SUSD2	3.92878956064619	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	SYNE2	2.15329189352853	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TAF9B	-2.38356826793967	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TAGLN	-7.77737227606305	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TAGLN2	-2.51730738835358	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	TBX20	3.08160089433336	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TDGF1	-2.10250410676028	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	TESC	2.52086286255551	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TGFB2	-4.91232411585413	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TGFB3	-2.56472806009477	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TGFBI	-3.08498413207028	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	TGFBR2	2.89538319961065	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	TGFBR3	3.77367248261002	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	THBS4	-5.82469556383133	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TIMP1	-2.88563607182168	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TK1	-2.23141000549817	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TMED7	-2.25784363562506	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM119	3.20056826810937	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM176A	2.65842867774183	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMEM176B	2.87512569646458	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TMEM56	-2.05178758704295	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TMEM71	-4.23441436944165	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TMSB4X	-2.00666383378984	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF10D	-2.05173304310858	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF19	2.3225872963723	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF21	-3.44641101440141	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNMD	-2.82391848060344	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNNI3	-4.44832501274836	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNNT1	-3.61135135299226	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNS2	3.14024077843049	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	TP53I3	2.1425291179105	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TPI1	-2.00177094926785	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TRABD2B	-2.31877462564615	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	TRANK1	2.01840391688818	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TRIB1	-3.31425642248031	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TRPM3	-2.06257691372132	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TRPV2	-2.43708656830437	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	TSPAN12	2.33037448153502	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	TSPOAP1	2.32819380594658	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TTK	-2.3508457165714	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TUBA1B	-2.40064144293067	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TUBA1C	-4.38762799060857	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TUBA4A	-2.13046207717514	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TUBB2A	-2.40233535192425	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TUBB2B	-2.89168911733351	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TUBB4B	-3.20833434040938	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TXNIP	-2.95166298650443	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TYR	-3.14437256593398	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	TYRP1	-13.3743962458201	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	UBA7	2.41556119858537	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	UBASH3B	-2.48874117032186	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	UBE2S	-3.55178256122824	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	UHRF1	-2.0440591042601	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	USH1C	2.70525050919582	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	VASH1	-2.81628862556938	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	VCAM1	2.46110273488845	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	VCAN	-2.40982856435388	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	VIPR1	2.47469545813403	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	VSX2	-2.88310956440672	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	WARS	2.5973576029267	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	WDR74	-2.82038264791029	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Up	LightSkyBlue	WNT2	2.65776624395876	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	WWC1	-2.3695958631717	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ZFAND2A	-2.55628590540124	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
lapatinib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	lapatinib - Down	LightSkyBlue	ZNF850	-2.33960655748743	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	lapatinib	Kinase_inhibitor	LAP	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	A2M	-37.8849491556587	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ABCA13	-20.9503830306353	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ABCA2	21.0609047518919	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ABCB6	41.4378274395654	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ABHD4	24.1470148689529	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ACADVL	27.984537516516	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ACER2	-17.3277520793288	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ACKR3	18.5584557535938	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ACTA1	40.1064608365258	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ACTC1	18.0818085591252	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ADAM11	-46.0641273191007	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ADAM15	43.0535889125606	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ADAMTS5	-31.2037291934107	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ADAMTS6	-24.9904525222054	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ADCY5	-22.403180514528	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ADGRG1	36.5441161863817	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ADRA2A	-19.8090923595778	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ADRM1	22.1234933111604	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	AEBP1	21.5961193298526	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	AIFM2	22.9178770953675	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	AKAP1	-20.1370493165493	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	AKR1A1	-17.9985587110887	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ALCAM	-27.1259192992768	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ALKBH6	26.0067248996993	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	AMER1	-20.4843952194883	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	AMIGO3	-20.9644304913109	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	AMOTL1	-36.0283271500907	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ANGPTL2	-32.5136883299642	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ANKRD1	28.1214103043239	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ANLN	-20.1088337594291	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	AP3B2	-23.113092768062	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	AP5Z1	35.1204359221786	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	APLN	-25.7455196737687	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	APOBEC2	-20.8394036210502	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	APOL2	18.0821333149896	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ARC	-43.0338012320271	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ASF1B	-22.2370373292114	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ATP1B2	-18.7452424300345	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ATP6V0A1	19.86870759165	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ATP6V0E1	19.9593477575148	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ATP6V1A	24.9831701611624	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ATP6V1F	19.4704129877798	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ATP8B3	20.0131276008529	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	B3GNT5	-19.0421574333925	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	B4GALNT1	46.1020193410876	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	BAG3	47.3160774161679	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	BCAP31	23.5985418968881	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	BHLHE40	26.8415376551283	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	BLVRB	28.5859767179609	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	BMF	-51.5781196905693	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	BMP7	-26.8705157606294	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	BMS1	19.6406921233292	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	BRF2	19.8038267235456	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	C2CD4A	-19.9869520831572	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	C6ORF222	-19.8188439252593	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	C7	-31.4789127363065	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CA14	-28.0880856669538	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CA2	-25.5701256498983	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CABLES1	-17.3396986814557	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CABP1	-26.9635220152546	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CACNA1G	-45.8546540293195	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CAMK2G	28.3223837016887	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CAPN3	-20.743877020462	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CARMIL1	-21.5093111961529	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CASQ2	-31.232648100578	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CATSPERG	-26.981679992006	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CAVIN2	-25.0636558613382	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CCDC47	25.5907142527834	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CCDC63	18.3317470877343	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CCDC71L	-18.1021775613053	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CCM2L	-17.8342612065387	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CCT2	21.5724038381028	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CD24	31.872186177397	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CDH3	-48.1959141503411	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CDKN1A	43.1008778138845	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CDON	-24.5607318032952	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CEBPA	-30.1807812588581	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CELSR2	-19.2950918707814	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CEP126	23.0622233342956	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CEP170B	38.6830892224341	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CHPF2	23.4814836886396	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CHRM2	-34.7269464302318	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CHRM4	-23.6526534389143	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CHST8	-17.8563298691194	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CKM	-23.9981606634727	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CLCC1	18.8550653813563	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CLIC5	-31.7187127181203	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CLIP3	54.28872116934	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CLPB	27.3613915256082	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CLTC	24.1264204245831	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CLU	41.8338631527827	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CNR1	-30.3686400787642	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	COL19A1	-26.2241129285147	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	COL5A2	-42.8573489256703	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	COLGALT2	-19.1777641000592	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CORIN	-23.9997441105293	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CORO2B	-20.0923824685454	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CPNE2	28.8875294424503	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CRIP2	-30.7209748204566	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CRTAC1	-31.2891154334692	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CRYAB	43.2543572520983	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CTSD	53.2298797604657	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CTSV	-28.316122847461	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	CXCR4	-23.5592383231537	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CYB5R1	55.1020239683301	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	CYP51A1	23.6372999314313	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DAP3	24.8342267977834	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DCTN4	19.6037917689012	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	DDIT4L	-17.510567217612	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DDX27	25.0453009680763	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DHDDS	51.7037183872345	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	DIO3	-18.8134114350743	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	DIRAS3	-27.7300325254636	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	DISP3	-24.2079004674454	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	DLL4	-20.8688658565079	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	DMAC1	-18.0562626182382	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	DMKN	-22.8580523484972	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	DNAH17	-21.7605528704265	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DNAJA4	52.848247496414	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DNAJB1	34.4235333115713	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DNAJB4	46.5906421435479	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DNAJC2	25.3030290618348	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DNM1	46.7066456910519	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DNTTIP2	27.1548617047856	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DOCK5	20.8214626504972	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DOK1	31.1035562030136	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DPCD	19.6436219010333	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	DPEP2	-22.3960989737064	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DPP3	29.5685487743799	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	DPYSL5	-30.728844424773	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DUSP27	23.7146230007293	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	DUSP4	-20.1982205859093	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DYNC1H1	25.4565346240353	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DYNC1I1	39.6802263933258	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	DYNLL2	22.5450335540991	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ECPAS	19.1876681586183	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	EEF1A2	19.6174868187473	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	EGF	20.104173958451	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	EGR1	-42.9971920386327	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	EGR2	-30.2217168453823	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	EGR3	-21.0360915982869	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	EHD3	-52.2986030823508	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	EIF3I	17.3813858785299	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	EML1	-24.6088216029632	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	EN2	-27.1476920825387	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ENO1	29.0778533852632	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	EOMES	-17.4844274407667	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	EPDR1	51.8429695976857	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ERO1B	-18.1518162541445	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ETNK2	18.6685472331044	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ETV5	37.3575789845513	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ETV7	-18.6329543068846	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	F11R	-18.9381821339731	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	F2RL2	54.5569556075288	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FADS3	21.5140541709941	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FAM124A	-29.0402665454817	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FAM214B	23.0152971016595	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FAM219A	24.1847406142741	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FAM241B	52.59452741371	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FAM43A	48.1693641186264	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FAM83G	23.5501472429054	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FAM84A	-23.9095297123706	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FAS	-19.1831235540677	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FASN	53.2397577972026	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FAT3	-24.2563618964969	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FBXL22	-28.8756964893854	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FBXO2	24.2280116797999	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FBXO30	18.8423132895416	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FDXR	-20.6113451514698	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FGF1	19.974584624531	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FGF11	23.72617471951	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FGF12	-20.7264469974266	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FGF18	20.9382055700558	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FGFR3	-18.2999617646401	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FHDC1	-21.0294018657569	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FLII	20.4520998866113	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FLNC	61.04080917959	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FLYWCH1	22.3705874580272	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FOS	-35.3887567955836	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FOSB	-26.824224507104	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FOSL1	25.4029179080016	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FOXC1	-22.7359547330338	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FRY	-21.416282931945	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FSD2	-22.9039310297666	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	FTL	32.7139924634282	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FUT3	-18.734336273941	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	FXYD6	-31.0291958976142	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	GAB2	18.0013321834374	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	GABARAPL1	31.9019364919687	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	GADD45B	-39.9730328602639	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	GCKR	31.1826227324814	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	GCLM	18.8854724917578	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	GDNF	-33.4560515032504	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	GDPD2	-24.6910756240586	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	GFPT2	-19.9760890931227	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	GJA5	-23.6412675446214	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	GJB2	-20.8712695503102	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	GLA	40.6807180987119	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	GLP1R	-36.2224095637209	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	GLRX3	22.6885900901743	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	GNB4	-17.6306954298558	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	GNG4	-24.6064291449427	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	GPR83	-20.3902152866604	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	GPRIN3	-34.7602130243828	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	GPX3	42.7047133568637	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	GRAP	-23.7217244887266	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	GSTP1	26.8792419175267	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	GUCY1A1	-40.5962746786168	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	H2AFJ	-21.491277070157	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HAP1	-26.4208662293609	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HAPLN3	-22.5555101642371	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HARS	19.6597033757454	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HAS3	-20.3702265186873	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HGS	20.8470774537934	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HIST1H1E	-18.5090949319293	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HIST1H2AE	-27.5582307163599	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HIST1H2AG	-18.7778344164855	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HIST1H2AM	-19.2607642228513	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HIST1H2BE	-17.4024367501831	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HIST1H2BF	-18.6524487295385	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HIST1H2BG	-27.8704566411599	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HIST1H2BK	-25.7391813005923	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HIST1H3D	-18.9494966717388	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HIST1H3H	-24.9163706385347	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HMGA1	48.550166516687	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HMGCR	23.5533250560922	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HMGCS1	32.881565451937	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HOPX	19.7139585096298	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HOXD1	-18.3469230465006	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HRC	18.1219321018418	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HRH2	-31.4113816930665	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HSD17B12	21.5509897347926	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HSP90AA1	41.7898399286987	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HSP90AB1	46.2720630058366	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HSPA1B	36.6749958177245	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HSPA8	32.7204071544719	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HSPA9	20.7336235810733	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HSPB1	24.7659493154074	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HSPB6	23.2438687683583	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HSPB7	21.3810368318922	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HSPB8	26.1952093644691	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HSPD1	28.6104847555468	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HTATIP2	46.7938794800336	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	HTRA1	-18.5732819853384	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	HTT	20.0106921388017	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ID1	-22.685028478641	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	IDE	22.6549983768586	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	IDI1	26.0980706095209	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	IFIT1	-46.6054291418147	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	IGDCC4	-22.5572958872802	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	IGFBP3	-19.1200846640554	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	IGFBP4	-21.282585036619	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	IL11RA	-21.2494237501501	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	IL4R	-22.0377148354933	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	IL6R	24.4450135936039	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	INHBA	19.4314747504624	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	INSM2	-23.4107880130596	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	IRAK1	26.551183939599	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ITGA10	-52.5126305312747	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ITGA5	21.2387423762177	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ITGAM	-20.1730281701565	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ITPKB	43.285653990058	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ITPKC	46.3847618124681	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	KANK2	-17.7251732412422	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	KCNIP2	-26.5784932225549	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	KCNJ5	-27.8953655393099	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	KDR	56.8912067746106	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	KIAA0930	44.8589738818806	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	KIF1A	66.5863854504907	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	KL	-17.8316374611559	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	KLF10	-19.8762272187334	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	KLF4	-19.4389157579891	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	KLF5	-17.5351216270493	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	KLHL13	-31.4896926531738	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	KLLN	-26.6369313324539	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	KRT18	27.2888845582406	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	KY	-46.7228177807812	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	L3MBTL3	-24.6180388136003	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	LAMA1	20.9862353514995	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	LARP4	18.7574133117699	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	LDB3	-21.2361569719004	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	LDLR	36.0462358439068	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	LGALS3	-24.6460792777809	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	LGR5	-21.9596925077989	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	LGSN	-27.6364595088162	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	LHFPL2	17.3862537078651	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	LIMK1	19.6678789002245	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	LMOD1	-25.2681111440866	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	LMOD2	21.2662886248195	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	LOC101927401	-49.0446299868176	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	LONRF3	-24.6133041863911	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	LOXL1	28.5578866411401	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	LOXL2	-25.5172298378421	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	LPCAT4	-19.2863662962646	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	LRRC10	22.7886050338587	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	LRRN4	-32.9911564628455	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MAF	-27.3019988497021	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MAFB	-39.617653106436	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MAFG	19.9118543546267	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MAN2B1	47.2045466461857	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MAP1A	43.6784464666962	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MAP2	36.6269933294673	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MAP2K1	17.9792081609525	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MAPK8IP3	23.2777710155074	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MAPRE3	19.6892049338847	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MAST1	48.4617390296398	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MB	-34.5323668239607	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MCOLN3	-19.9746007317391	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MDGA1	-22.5599180054131	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MDM2	43.7853043289848	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ME1	18.8708717928018	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MEGF6	-43.1719821078715	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	METTL21C	-20.0087872857485	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MFAP3L	-26.6680299469327	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MFSD1	18.2841447682226	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MGAT4C	-17.8094572900316	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MICALL2	28.9024426052775	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MKI67	-23.7893894543681	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MLLT11	38.7259267327464	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MMP1	25.2571314174532	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MMP24	27.4364444194647	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MPHOSPH10	22.2726235526603	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MSMO1	19.6346310818283	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MTFR2	-18.0529224512348	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MTSS1	-30.3205088648306	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MTURN	-50.4812557590828	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MTUS1	-20.7770444378016	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MYCL	-25.4633679020838	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MYH14	39.1340351834925	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MYH6	-21.3049710386727	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MYH7B	-26.5664678703319	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	MYL2	23.9400904987126	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MYL3	-22.3829539335583	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MYL7	-24.6410404394123	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MYLK3	-30.0734552955278	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	MYOM3	-25.3704938078085	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	NAV1	-32.0837287965465	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	NCLN	28.4967379436105	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	NDRG1	-29.019621188824	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	NEFH	-22.5733579328992	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	NEFL	-20.1943858244052	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	NEFM	19.1827828581059	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	NEK8	-18.679014679353	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	NES	19.8696532605953	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	NFKB2	32.9364740088436	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	NHLH2	-26.7219483679667	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	NHSL1	-18.8784881108216	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	NKPD1	-19.3209794271028	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	NOV	-18.0093975452653	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	NPC1	40.8075509295631	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	NPLOC4	32.7248656377347	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	NPPA	20.8651479650937	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	NPPB	29.2957046044707	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	NPTX2	-30.6771236887833	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	NQO2	17.6320958412963	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	NR4A3	44.8350209094044	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	NRAP	32.3263309369238	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	NREP	-23.3232083896501	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	NRIP3	24.4228859930991	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	NSFL1C	17.7196189550914	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	NXPE3	53.0612230450994	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	NXPH2	-18.9156455727844	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ODC1	17.5479735163842	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	OLFML2A	-38.986554511007	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	OSGIN1	30.069761714827	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	OVOL1	-22.696166234189	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	P2RX6	29.954159886147	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PACRG	-17.5104693271103	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PAIP2B	-23.0030998257798	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PALM3	50.1778362795175	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PAX5	-19.2226162246001	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PCDH10	-18.5141372172319	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PCDH17	-27.2099420092835	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PCDH19	-23.6246344485829	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PCDH20	-26.7477868752805	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PCDH8	-26.2593193017994	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PCDHAC2	-18.8889116133619	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PCYT1B	20.5062901906058	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PDE1C	-18.615612997976	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PDE4C	-17.8203932110825	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PDK4	26.8119264845105	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PDLIM4	29.3414525094012	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PDZD2	-19.18631431351	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PDZRN3	-17.9872327270439	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PELO	25.8661920764631	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PER3	-21.0509685430723	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PGAM2	-30.4387172889945	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PHGDH	-45.9146538294826	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PHLDA1	19.3616347472327	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PHTF1	20.8545333401173	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PITHD1	24.9095154113136	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PLAA	24.4394498783711	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PLCL2	-21.0176763272425	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PLD3	23.187287808892	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PLEKHA6	-43.5231447565165	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PLEKHA7	-34.9176221462819	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PLK2	17.3069645497053	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PLXNA4	-38.3714117099926	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PLXNC1	-20.1101631433533	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PLXND1	52.6796553736189	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PMAIP1	-23.7234078629772	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PNP	-29.2076026047611	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PODN	-26.3060766242526	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	POLG2	-21.9610546307539	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	POMP	20.5204358176775	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	POP1	18.5788305268102	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	POU3F1	-29.4454381199366	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PPP1R1A	-33.9724612752347	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PPP2R2C	22.3257732512302	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PQLC2	46.3255863484693	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PRDM8	-26.9976754581213	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PRSS35	-26.3029926035607	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMA4	18.543139020788	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMA5	23.3059963235611	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMA7	21.0596970228412	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMB2	22.8219936327462	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMB4	25.1743115259604	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMB5	17.9364211727799	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMB7	20.4560890185601	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMC4	46.158332938919	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMC5	23.1391357776414	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMD1	23.5859164450381	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMD11	25.6114830885323	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMD12	44.4952095804605	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMD13	25.7921125372286	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMD14	51.386316950122	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMD2	45.7258796935115	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMD3	18.5478143398441	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMD6	23.0195776193889	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSMD8	23.4612149267421	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PSME4	29.6736799852733	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PTGER3	30.9457548246817	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PTHLH	-17.6025128577079	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PTN	-19.3655909920572	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PTPN23	20.9644423431419	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	PTPRN	31.2375050553159	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PXDNL	-31.2123697447828	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	PYROXD2	-40.3388884689322	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	RAB9B	18.7109758124415	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	RAPGEF4	-19.70083813586	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	RARG	-18.5119343710105	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	RASD2	-45.7211915189475	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	RASGEF1B	-22.4892793918291	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	RBM11	43.4327604583599	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	RCAN2	-33.883304759483	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	RCSD1	-18.9754388597831	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	RDH10	53.2671794456601	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	RDH11	18.2007104943943	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	RGMA	-19.5694303550867	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	RGS16	-31.6609094315164	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	RGS2	-25.5847620889804	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	RGS5	-20.4404678554089	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	RHBDD3	26.9042454632773	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	RNF207	-26.0643659271713	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	RNF6	24.1804712498939	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	RPS6KC1	25.9175256621924	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	RPTOR	19.3312428076523	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	RRP12	39.2730179832965	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	RSAD2	-19.3943772736921	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	RUNX1	42.3667992392155	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	RUNX3	-30.1041730993655	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	S1PR3	-23.940573897393	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SALL1	-26.7250639669203	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SAMD12	-25.7604259628387	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SC5D	18.3132230162717	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SCD	18.6844098919491	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SCPEP1	23.1389237092659	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SCUBE3	-31.8604758513642	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SDC1	-29.9187207598207	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SELENBP1	-18.1524191724102	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SESN2	-22.3164585071827	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SESN3	28.5075361615361	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SFRP5	-18.8915349094198	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SGK1	-20.2280236700705	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SH3BGRL3	18.3288705578605	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SH3TC2	55.3206893424306	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SHC1	18.7460952429998	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SHE	-25.1307756235661	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SHISA2	-21.5040418673475	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SHROOM2	18.1416205592425	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SIPA1L1	-26.5381762409121	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SIX2	-25.0594837760943	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SIX4	-20.0792883179353	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SIX5	-18.3730866670634	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SLC15A2	-40.6870376419534	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SLC16A6	-23.4987353783141	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SLC1A5	31.3343172776592	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SLC29A1	-20.9775909939816	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SLC2A13	46.2241030473356	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SLC2A3	25.3675561583816	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SLC35F6	20.5649265901942	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SLC3A2	34.9573047606712	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SLC44A5	-18.0223631079065	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SLC4A11	-32.3225992720706	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SLC8A1	18.1131068946055	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SLC8A2	-18.1025781352752	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SLFN5	-20.3838717924261	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SNAI1	-32.2390036114922	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SNAP91	-43.5323474072433	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SNX10	50.2174542634358	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SNX29	26.9379749862108	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SOD1	30.5722635265274	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SORCS1	-51.9228316667152	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SORD	27.5196002701	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SOX3	-24.2535261239932	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SOX4	-21.4195858538085	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SP6	46.3166336628663	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SPHK1	-35.2528598705093	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SPHKAP	-31.0163210489454	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SPOCK2	35.8247628926704	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SPRED3	-24.0511131033265	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SPSB1	-25.5868251650189	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SPTBN5	-20.6082619266587	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SPTLC3	19.4224835859611	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SQLE	23.0329501603934	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SQSTM1	35.9043356356224	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SRL	17.4663348070936	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SRPX	-39.6764073590326	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SRXN1	36.8979657518737	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	STARD9	-17.9100742888175	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	STC2	18.52821746662	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	STK17A	17.5767324147516	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	STYK1	19.1673484177447	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SULT1A1	20.4756188348166	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	SULT1E1	24.5131781978641	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SUSD2	-53.6594808775978	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	SYN2	-18.3542197034266	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TANGO2	46.9384511246028	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TBC1D2	-18.8855261537751	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TBCA	20.1009882365941	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TBX3	29.8072241642277	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TCAP	-22.2133559950064	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TCEA3	-26.6313909686679	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TCF24	-18.3154021124909	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TDRD10	-17.8492410270669	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TESC	-24.782848741805	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TEX14	-21.9536996366016	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TFCP2L1	-23.4295304441462	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TGFBR3	-25.3143365884227	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	THBS1	22.5100539936561	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	THSD7A	-18.5504517964925	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TLL2	-19.6666397014736	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TLN2	-20.6928967651029	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TM2D2	30.9244234419114	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TM4SF1	52.740868951687	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TMEM100	-19.2047106029289	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TMEM158	-19.2615938493019	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TMEM205	18.1428222333824	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TMSB10	-22.1261337744365	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TNFRSF10A	-21.0393785534693	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TNFRSF10C	-22.0496214497311	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TNFRSF10D	-18.8213650861376	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TNFRSF12A	20.9338479686939	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TNFRSF1A	20.7622887642423	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TNNI1	-23.6561005620004	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TNNI3	26.0043115918113	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TNRC18	-23.1561525039517	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TNS2	-48.5097283387044	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TNS3	-17.4185165474296	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TOP2A	-23.5600145436544	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TPBG	-25.8562584670763	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TRANK1	-19.2689841437654	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TRDN	-20.4671055057094	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TRIB1	20.1184512530893	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TRIB2	-26.4083893501962	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TRIM71	-19.325808206764	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TRMT9B	-21.5325548492248	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TSPAN11	-25.6308457019603	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	TSPOAP1	-40.7482088854804	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TTLL7	24.2851175357684	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TUBA1C	39.5257333154867	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TUBA4A	40.9102417836396	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TUBB2A	20.7111613869114	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TUBB4A	46.8711745636652	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	TUBB4B	33.6904800903974	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	UBB	18.4616118172024	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	UBC	35.4396582013438	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	UBE2M	21.6437964577631	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	UBQLN1	19.3446140371731	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	UCHL1	39.02991050365	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	UFD1	50.0437032102	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ULBP2	-21.9859985492125	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	UNKL	45.4245462962666	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	USP14	21.9165829666179	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	USP5	24.8545120469163	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	VCAM1	-26.3704124041388	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	VCP	19.9340342356268	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	VDR	-17.7471603421631	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	VSTM2L	-42.8892181533501	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	VWC2	-28.0109100474438	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	VWCE	-20.4037348845748	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	WFS1	31.486692974864	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	XIRP2	18.8702238090869	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	YPEL1	-21.4944102360886	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ZBTB7B	26.8855621155575	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ZCCHC12	-31.4760736065069	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ZFAND2A	30.5472959159627	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Orange	ZNF503	19.1765533233403	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ZNF521	-19.2587786484507	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Orange	ZNF704	-48.3770240922631	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	A2M	-39.4681301340251	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	AAK1	17.9424898678553	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ABCA2	32.7475777511173	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ABCB6	42.8056211551989	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ABCB8	24.4937980679904	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ABHD2	24.1717916987855	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ABHD3	17.4755802162713	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ABHD4	24.2415998106938	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ACADVL	19.9446184987035	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ACE2	-23.9411292779783	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ACOX2	19.6495650105479	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ACTA1	26.1230907024801	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ACTA2	-39.7431878924029	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ACTG2	-50.8339853467456	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ADAM11	-18.5177793466549	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ADAM15	22.6353199199045	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ADAMTS15	-24.5133844700053	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ADAMTS2	-32.941420449683	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ADAMTS7	-20.8681544945596	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ADGRA2	-53.1649847000835	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ADGRG1	38.2085829054815	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ADRA2A	-18.6081994947943	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	AFF1	20.6882268205744	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	AGRN	-22.2170089105816	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	AIF1L	-39.3087889969374	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	AKAP6	18.0567303541189	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ALKBH6	53.7086964825163	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	AMIGO3	-19.0908965013968	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ANKRD1	17.6097083419333	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ANKRD39	22.5116946896317	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ANLN	-22.7696617978138	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ANXA1	-21.9949421098956	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	AP3B2	-22.6034381398966	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	APCDD1	-38.5185297276994	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	APLN	-24.1847409003071	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	APOBEC2	-23.4559420918908	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	APOL2	19.2989989087631	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ARC	-34.1921173187733	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ARRDC4	22.7148089569571	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ASF1B	-23.0067119793354	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ASPN	-21.9391513293244	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ATG4A	24.4117449237025	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ATP6V1A	18.3244167204234	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ATP6V1F	36.2115770181808	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	B3GNT5	-18.0901146291123	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	B4GALNT1	47.1870542774273	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	BAG3	27.7830414715023	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	BBS4	17.5940539191634	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	BGN	-56.5872131472423	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	BICD1	23.3710568754517	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	BIRC5	-30.0836161630373	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	BRF2	20.0147935681018	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	C1R	-18.6669087760399	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	C2CD4A	-18.7752767721567	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	C6ORF222	-18.6173598882285	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	C7	-33.4504488845074	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CA2	-24.0199798437613	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CA8	-18.1803009926219	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CABLES1	-22.4419294005474	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CABP1	-17.6040767131909	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CACNA1G	-27.3310331703226	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	CAMK2G	20.7935510291156	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CASQ2	-33.2191136275977	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CATSPERG	-25.8028329084938	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CAVIN2	-27.4241061539663	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CCDC3	-43.9962833613764	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	CCDC47	24.6045847762151	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	CCDC63	53.8401263833789	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CCDC71L	-22.5237873670542	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CCDC80	-50.5530261647054	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CD248	-18.6799541648282	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CDC42EP1	-20.6331375097447	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CDH11	-30.3321472617426	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CDH13	-24.3248564537996	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CDH3	-20.2845851519025	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CEBPA	-26.4449588222334	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CEMIP	-18.4836605296604	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CENPF	-34.5988294433373	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	CEP126	24.3187797462995	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	CEP170B	40.217884303362	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CFH	-57.1369807410649	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CHRM4	-19.3279415805663	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CKB	-30.8520718503088	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CKM	-26.4232048081231	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CLIC5	-33.6757113962593	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	CLIP3	54.8774510941628	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	CLPB	22.3182193604604	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	CLU	43.1776478702468	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CNN1	-19.9406289039581	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CNR1	-28.5275924163191	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	COL11A1	-31.4994142512959	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	COL16A1	-18.5037091839989	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	COL1A1	-53.5502336930526	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	COL1A2	-53.5712426289522	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	COL3A1	-52.6789110917169	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	COL5A1	-48.3245462506884	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	COL5A2	-44.139086541755	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	COL6A2	-23.4259278239538	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	COL6A3	-50.3210525233179	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	COL8A1	-54.1298335867573	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	COL8A2	-19.1565137179965	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CORIN	-26.4246922613683	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CPE	-22.1145482141804	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CRABP2	-56.9408166499135	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CRIM1	-19.2371444638817	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CRIP2	-32.7384596784	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CRTAC1	-29.3879006973692	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	CRYAB	44.5120269069754	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CSRP2	-21.8170011171414	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CTHRC1	-18.2954574644517	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	CTSD	34.037299512156	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CTSV	-25.3606636159809	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CXCR4	-24.1798153783231	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	CYB5R1	28.9749224908472	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	CYP1B1	-18.2955264076843	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	CYP51A1	18.0155164590325	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	DACT1	-30.2925970320071	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DAP3	19.3372436554915	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	DCN	-54.2460643109298	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DDX27	20.689650646074	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DHDDS	26.1070331513382	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	DIO3	-17.6728800495614	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	DISP3	-22.7403372689388	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	DKK2	-29.8767242069101	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	DLK1	-58.4943019780122	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	DLL4	-19.6037260081856	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	DNAH17	-20.4413559985316	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DNAJB1	36.2165567962872	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DNM1	47.7550261731462	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DNTTIP2	21.3445158699562	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DOCK5	23.8105093437584	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DPCD	21.4186765927875	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	DPEP2	-21.0383731895914	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DPP3	20.0069143702828	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	DPY19L2	-22.8204449670218	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DST	18.6395125542748	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DUSP13	18.7074795263489	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DUSP27	20.5858180851148	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	DUSP4	-23.6449526462688	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DYNC1H1	22.3174895054183	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DYNC1I1	41.1545717124985	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	DYNLL2	19.8755810502978	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ECPAS	20.2430788967947	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	EDIL3	-23.5538274829163	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	EDN1	-18.7782971557861	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	EFEMP1	-57.6945392227817	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	EFHD1	-24.6979365075308	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	EGF	25.8672242678513	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	EGR1	-30.6325342433931	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	EGR2	-28.3895761565345	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	EGR3	-19.7608139709853	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	EHD2	-36.5770757491394	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ELAC2	18.3986087456035	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ELN	-45.8654549919259	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	EMILIN1	-52.6470742351896	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	EN2	-25.501908968125	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ENC1	-20.1842195396864	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	EPAS1	-25.780474445399	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	EPB41L2	-19.828470210662	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	EPDR1	52.5799690927703	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	EPHA4	-18.5715464040306	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	EPS8L2	18.2124424025366	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ERRFI1	-17.8449427872172	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ETV7	-17.5033628308699	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	F2R	-19.0246909088781	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FADS2	-18.6461263915371	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FAM198B	-24.5462008000576	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	FAM219A	31.976641396109	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	FAM241B	53.2859649818596	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	FAM83G	26.0023514467007	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FAM84A	-22.4600547384188	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FAS	-18.2777346372802	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	FASN	18.4559542017688	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FAT3	-24.8717604177181	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FBLN1	-37.8489102462223	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FBLN2	-61.4832289828334	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FBLN5	-63.1816898069732	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FBN1	-54.0411114634132	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	FBXO2	26.6391214936664	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FDXR	-21.8039732287494	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FGF12	-23.3498332733494	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	FGF18	18.0688306368679	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FGFR3	-20.4509551357702	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FHDC1	-19.7545297922243	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FITM1	-19.6583241635783	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	FLII	17.6507584344109	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	FLNC	32.9674319057695	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	FLYWCH1	27.7049885946479	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FMOD	-29.2716642785507	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FN1	-54.9224816840222	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	FNIP2	35.8680449516297	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FOS	-24.9220522361305	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FOSB	-26.6201023782255	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	FOSL1	27.742801010385	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FOXC1	-22.8892813468647	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FRZB	-20.6775169919205	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FSD2	-25.3953110032224	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FSTL1	-21.7135550423426	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FSTL3	-24.5986175477702	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	FTL	34.6106539831091	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FUT3	-17.5985986869059	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FXYD6	-33.0279953718147	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FZD1	-35.6457799324037	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	FZD7	-18.5268444549521	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	GABARAPL1	24.9287164663631	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	GADD45B	-38.5673286319489	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	GAS8	17.8792371696237	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	GCKR	33.1721209631969	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	GCLM	19.7057436371254	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	GCNT3	18.9342257464051	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	GDF6	-25.761134052138	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	GDNF	-31.427834722553	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	GFPT2	-28.7105728034322	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	GFRA1	-23.5959031083346	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	GGT1	18.7756194012116	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	GJB2	-19.6059839820987	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	GK	32.7012965383853	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	GLRX3	18.3646287122065	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	GNG4	-23.1147058165053	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	GPC3	-29.2821187827518	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	GPD1L	-18.7176541809247	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	GPR83	-19.1540928230631	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	GPRIN3	-36.5328258684953	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	GPX3	43.9957042472613	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	GRAP	-22.2836348901847	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	GUCY1A1	-19.3266019926401	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	H2AFJ	-24.7591978525758	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HAP1	-24.8191457082846	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HAPLN3	-23.4431957499092	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HAS3	-18.8038325196221	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HGF	-18.9435605133571	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HIST1H2AE	-25.8875593886388	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HIST1H2AG	-17.6394598278116	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HIST1H2AM	-18.0931128279447	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HIST1H2BF	-17.5216754369799	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HIST1H2BG	-26.746163939038	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HIST1H2BK	-25.6173428964615	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HIST1H3D	-17.8007153479281	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HIST1H3H	-23.4058576290055	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	HMGA1	49.4867866533098	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HMGB1	-19.7032138739709	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	HMGCS1	31.4529585598615	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	HRC	20.7935006769072	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HRH2	-33.3870117970383	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	HSP90AA1	43.1362934799856	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	HSPA1A	57.9099976275682	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	HSPA1B	38.3315281795822	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HSPA2	-20.6943885267818	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	HSPA8	34.6166797943113	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	HSPB6	23.5031452764563	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	HSPB7	21.2383324516092	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	HSPB8	26.3879135696653	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	HTATIP2	24.4558477120247	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	HTRA1	-42.7683480397368	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	HTT	25.3155564813144	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ICAM1	-17.7359370687507	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ID1	-27.4843080008449	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ID2	-27.3664528176302	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ID3	-19.7329563758292	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	IDE	22.771427265649	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	IDI1	18.2916056161538	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	IFI6	-19.31508073646	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	IFITM3	-54.6482467615169	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	IGDCC4	-18.5885120171762	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	IGFBP2	-35.3692590549222	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	IGFBP3	-52.7328194215611	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	IGFBP4	-51.8224941014632	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	IGFBP7	-31.1486208043517	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	IL11RA	-23.3981618451911	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	IL4R	-24.086744185965	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	IL6R	26.8429680318884	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	IMPDH2	-17.9599893320693	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	INSM2	-21.9915484147218	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	IPO13	17.4731641417308	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	IQGAP3	-17.7457966893035	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	IRF4	-25.7160261519286	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ISLR	-55.2372282579331	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ITGA1	-21.0217890149411	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ITGA11	-58.3219098500086	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ITGA4	-21.1555780213474	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ITGAM	-18.9500723097431	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ITGB1BP2	-28.8553448418893	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ITPKC	27.3061253165659	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	IVNS1ABP	-24.9758200111254	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	JPH2	-32.6257972263897	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	KANK2	-23.1819565800056	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	KCNJ5	-30.0841482014536	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	KCTD12	-29.8620782471046	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	KCTD15	-18.6891964777401	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	KDR	57.3221653923313	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	KIAA0930	22.1599504083831	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	KIF1A	23.4076314508174	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	KIF21A	22.3587301074428	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	KIT	-19.5369347594803	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	KLF10	-21.1832737555518	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	KLF4	-18.2604642262808	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	KLHL13	-33.4605752870686	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	KLLN	-24.4766802526361	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	L3HYPDH	17.7628849058544	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	L3MBTL3	-23.6620945178286	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	LAMA1	47.4883345312503	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	LDLR	27.6380160906012	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	LEFTY2	-23.8489661244591	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	LGALS1	-18.8165821590865	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	LGI2	-27.8650706500913	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	LGR5	-20.6284231307494	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	LGSN	-25.9610456922939	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	LMOD1	-27.6161666795113	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	LMOD2	25.661380553573	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	LONRF3	-23.1211640701439	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	LOX	-37.5427268345359	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	LOXL2	-54.5039458289879	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	LRRC10	37.8741560562242	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	LRRC17	-24.1099741747555	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	LRRC32	-27.5174265808957	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	LRRN1	-22.8085600245255	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	LTBP2	-21.2353980194475	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	LUM	-55.171514402962	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MAF	-24.9455773497611	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MAFB	-37.7281940601934	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MAN2B1	48.2227427213656	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MAP1A	44.910406427126	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MAP2	38.2864357613368	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MAPK8IP3	21.9789732185115	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MAPRE3	25.849311805529	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MARCKS	-29.1603313709589	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MARCKSL1	-27.2305247770219	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MASP1	-36.7128948517069	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MAST1	49.4037199337484	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MB	-36.3187924602689	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MCM4	-27.2232505342675	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MCOLN3	-17.9546220069069	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MDGA1	-23.5784017062181	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ME1	18.9796038375333	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MEGF6	-44.4346456171434	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MET	20.7183261659235	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	METTL21C	-18.7957882523625	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MFAP3L	-25.0560907190131	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MFAP4	-38.8514955261784	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MGP	-55.0828298400926	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MICALL2	31.0301729162657	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MKI67	-26.2270900019897	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MLLT11	29.5184075360387	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MME	-19.7245754345362	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MMP1	27.6058525803145	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MMP14	-61.8553126173306	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MMP2	-64.8236802244814	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MMP24	30.8403046851969	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MN1	-59.9598314112923	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MPHOSPH10	19.0023300900627	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MRC2	-33.4564903356258	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MROH1	18.1960070506544	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MSRB1	24.4953463353259	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MTFR2	-18.0935802278728	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MTHFD2	-18.0005201862242	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MTURN	-21.6150248172841	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MX1	22.9710070292158	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MXRA5	-53.1466839783345	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MYCL	-18.7994515997931	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MYH14	40.6414924249474	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MYH6	-23.8932852688589	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MYH7B	-26.3505557641321	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MYL2	23.2199559788579	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MYL3	-24.9059172661195	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MYL7	-27.0271110802886	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MYLK	-44.3513692643349	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	MYOCD	-26.0880374893422	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	MYPN	26.0905008744921	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NDRG1	-25.736509214687	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NEFH	-21.2005213174939	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NEFL	-18.9701351921705	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	NEU3	22.6418415987315	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NEURL1B	-19.2551835368814	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	NFKB2	18.7341538924931	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NHLH2	-25.1019752492752	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NHSL1	-26.6997816294456	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NKPD1	-18.1496775868442	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NNMT	-18.9028290634902	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NOTCH3	-27.2420370385389	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	NPC1	42.2135540971979	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	NPLOC4	25.9266390090005	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NPTX2	-28.8173747269827	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	NQO2	32.5823034330523	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	NR4A3	45.9968654919759	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	NRAP	23.6071718142765	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NREP	-25.7891703792471	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	NRIP3	26.8221818799004	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	NSFL1C	18.111701484852	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NTM	-18.9137611818348	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NTN1	-23.3779857990609	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NTN4	-27.907148804147	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	NXPE3	32.2180018481286	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	NYNRIN	-20.7083064793668	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	OGN	-35.0461268344495	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	OLFML2A	-40.5029525198666	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	OLFML3	-20.929930754681	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	OSGIN1	32.1267252706236	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	OTUD1	21.8511656317963	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	OVOL1	-21.3202493777363	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	OXCT1	-20.3715632593077	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PAX5	-18.0572774878437	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PCDH10	-36.2919829393091	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PCDH17	-26.5413331649452	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PCDH19	-22.2611089531486	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PCDH20	-18.5301453973798	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PCDH8	-24.6673922911528	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PCK2	-23.6196432619743	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PCOLCE	-21.797903002497	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PCSK9	-19.8689537116502	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PCYT1B	35.2196881725359	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PDGFRA	-59.2928911681255	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PDGFRB	-55.8539568295669	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PDK4	29.0663908147852	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PELI3	18.1595024660825	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PFKFB3	-18.5086907020301	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PGAM2	-32.473313534447	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PHGDH	-47.0110474844302	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PIEZO2	-59.4943515151502	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PITHD1	27.1480558769996	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PLAA	23.2965599386247	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PLAT	-62.2289309263843	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PLEKHM3	20.7579263180683	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PMAIP1	-20.3203959738556	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PMEPA1	-21.163553997258	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PNP	-30.8502339893487	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PODN	-20.4399961221473	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	POLG2	-19.7177167008567	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	POSTN	-51.8574081365181	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	POU3F1	-27.6603580215267	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PPP1R14C	-45.2819684285359	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PQLC2	47.3970679114844	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PRR11	-17.8530027793236	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PRSS23	-23.0044048522283	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PRSS35	-28.5883101932973	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSMA5	23.9505970084617	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSMA7	19.1745070196964	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSMB2	17.7305854054527	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSMB4	19.263239681255	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSMB7	19.1107861627665	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSMC4	22.6300843645787	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSMC5	22.778683218274	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSMD1	18.4044013978769	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSMD11	19.1116413914075	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSMD12	18.2548290034577	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSMD13	22.2272241132347	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSMD14	29.9599298364796	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSMD2	19.8152021035304	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSMD6	18.4189150084097	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PSME4	21.6018545896386	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PTGIS	-47.9836268428966	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PTN	-44.5066166308911	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PTPN23	26.5789823556417	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	PTPRN	33.2236761376343	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	PTX3	-33.5475685397732	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RAB31	-20.6780458377242	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RARG	-24.0493065166274	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RASD2	-22.6948128684899	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RASGEF1B	-22.2618783072537	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RASL11B	-25.2928801288312	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RASL12	-26.9617572377979	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	RBM11	44.6796147192973	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RCAN2	-35.709078690397	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RCSD1	-21.7049770552641	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RGMA	-18.3830665957229	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RGS16	-29.7415201158077	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RGS2	-24.2502477323109	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RGS5	-41.6325567228444	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RIN2	-21.762951515502	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RNF207	-28.3641498573045	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	RPS6KC1	21.4686630139851	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RSAD2	-20.0304274881789	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RUNX1	-17.5616698293435	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	RUNX3	-28.279158302171	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SALL1	-25.6898135225359	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SAT1	-20.2836723245627	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SCPEP1	34.8675634005321	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SDC1	-33.7398505281536	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SERPINE2	-68.7295213634036	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SERPING1	-27.9456089502156	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SESN2	-22.1776035208888	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SESN3	19.4971631537555	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SFRP5	-21.6261596405934	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SGK1	-29.0293039035405	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SH3RF2	22.2935322056644	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SH3TC2	55.8468579346465	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SHE	-23.6072646728883	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SHISA2	-22.2693400494082	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SHROOM2	18.6919767854255	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SIX2	-23.5402947736102	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SIX4	-18.1017939683005	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SLC16A6	-22.4944773045182	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC2A13	26.6500562401921	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SLC4A11	-30.3630961240979	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SLC6A4	-41.9449259960836	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC9A9	25.8161277051234	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SLFN5	-24.209030417361	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SLIT3	-42.4623177820872	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SMAD6	-17.6383660140729	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SMOC2	-24.8269678957318	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SNAI1	-30.6596439014681	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SNAP91	-44.7731643771139	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SNCA	-20.1212007751069	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SNCG	29.3068922166951	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SNX29	32.8359336881985	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SOD1	18.9921363930351	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SOD3	-19.4196588357272	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SORD	53.8351007096865	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SOX4	-33.0872136403223	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SOX9	-17.8046801201559	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SP6	47.3886579673696	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SPARC	-58.6876403045681	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SPATA13	20.6322502015562	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SPHK1	-39.7056607222097	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SPHK2	24.8063500435324	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SPOCK1	-47.2770102232639	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SPON1	-41.4877943750254	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SPON2	-24.2943535914773	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SPRED3	-23.7247628916802	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SPSB1	-27.3492266309982	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SQLE	18.8717686133847	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SQSTM1	37.6075879731891	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SRL	24.1532565277834	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SRXN1	38.5409809369663	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ST6GAL2	-25.5036861388678	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SULF1	-47.9423703977486	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SULF2	-52.328108424829	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SULT1A1	25.4073187125286	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	SULT1A2	22.5956709946894	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SULT1E1	-38.3588779323913	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SVEP1	-22.1519781418428	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	SYT12	-19.8958903355698	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TAGLN	-42.848777282917	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	TANGO2	47.9727787926603	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TBC1D2	-17.9845350175038	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TCAP	-24.7466009169812	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	TCP11L2	18.8186189004277	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TEX14	-33.8065202853113	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TFCP2L1	-22.0091546174874	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TFPI2	-18.8290782619283	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TGFBI	-31.8471989216181	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	THBD	-28.1538482550434	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	THBS2	-56.1312442877764	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	THY1	-55.2294121785516	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TLE2	-20.7552122518153	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	TM4SF1	34.2769041644762	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TMEM100	-18.0404573643329	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TMEM129	-21.1031537879474	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TMEM158	-18.093892159689	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	TMEM161A	23.5967967860238	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TMEM176A	-25.9705213554975	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TMEM176B	-20.3514389855331	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TMEM200B	-17.5352571767103	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TMSB10	-27.4251457588198	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TNC	-20.1488235470704	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TNFRSF10C	-19.6010163239678	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TNFRSF10D	-32.7818134008797	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TNFSF9	-18.5793204460117	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TNNI1	-26.1018815242561	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TNRC18	-20.4135402950202	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TNS2	-21.0099335641867	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TNS3	-32.7856501169842	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TOP2A	-26.0116205589587	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TPBG	-24.9938091709203	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TRANK1	-19.3304881099865	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TRIB2	-30.31152542092	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	TRIM16L	18.6377478518666	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	TRIM54	26.1823240125435	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TRMT9B	-20.9840989138066	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TSPAN11	-25.0681806342347	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	TTLL7	25.9280116911882	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	TUBA1C	41.0094445173289	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	TUBA4A	42.3100194911819	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	TUBB3	-38.5220943363635	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	TUBB4A	47.9095807599321	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	TXNIP	18.1929597706839	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	UBC	37.1710808258233	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	UBR3	17.4600828165978	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	UBR4	18.1107476296244	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	UCHL1	40.5436801284692	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	UFD1	22.5584538231857	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ULBP2	-24.6859399614818	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	UNKL	46.5506518950494	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	USP14	17.5524491939785	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	USP5	23.4423860309207	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	VDR	-21.1197236232707	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	VGLL3	-18.2226735155827	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	VSTM2L	-20.4384107665907	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	VWCE	-19.8151661496362	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	WFS1	17.8076650629974	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	WHRN	-26.9095233471166	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	WISP1	-19.579719219433	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	XIRP2	31.4309641584987	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ZBTB7B	22.8714600074306	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ZCCHC12	-30.8062978995672	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ZFAND2A	32.5753097650072	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ZNF367	-18.209583988812	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ZNF423	-18.636690197749	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	DodgerBlue	ZNF483	22.7039913683846	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ZNF608	-19.817163979784	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	DodgerBlue	ZNF704	-21.7278002146388	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	AAK1	20.012989344415	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ABCB6	43.4971493511086	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ABHD17B	20.9546321553538	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ABHD2	23.2332105395161	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ABHD3	25.2887761488519	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ABHD4	20.4570925487002	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ACADVL	20.0775886383067	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ACAP2	16.679520293278	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ACE2	-17.3839302528406	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ACOX1	16.5989696890466	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ACTA1	17.6877748464712	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ACTR6	18.94766649486	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ADAM15	22.650996631989	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ADAMTS1	49.1924174739316	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ADAMTS15	-21.3951514552139	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ADAMTS8	-52.4342919435036	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ADAMTSL4	-19.6135002987956	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ADGRA2	-31.04975861756	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ADGRG1	39.0501028322479	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ADPGK	16.8528596132583	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ADRA2A	-18.0010529150342	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	AEN	-17.4131178570532	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	AFF1	24.3760976174223	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	AGRN	-20.7316381543056	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	AGTPBP1	18.7617501338849	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	AIF1L	-40.1144115030184	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	AKR1B10	23.7831945584016	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	AKR1C1	20.0847919893801	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ALDH9A1	19.3946720106827	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ALKBH6	23.5544329291659	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	AMIGO3	-19.3156883391305	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ANKRD1	16.9660917274643	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	AP3B2	-19.1680612652149	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	AP5Z1	37.7563664356069	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	APCDD1	-39.3499367387548	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	APLN	-24.2231630957328	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	APLP1	-19.3954602268734	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	APOL2	28.4251668087607	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	APOOL	18.6100792385406	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	AQP3	-23.7932168910472	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ARC	-34.9643881921878	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ARRDC3	18.0610251674506	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ARRDC4	18.8891126918106	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ASF1B	-27.6315509842378	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ASPN	-19.9773740381846	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ATG2B	20.1818426076556	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ATG4A	24.2920160884243	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ATP1B2	-18.9200162467484	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ATP6V0E1	20.5171949908025	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ATP6V1A	48.4782935222404	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ATP6V1F	30.6569225723696	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	B3GNT5	-17.2946557440764	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	B4GALNT1	18.8214603588638	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	BAG3	48.8388725838477	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	BBS4	32.4722108974152	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	BGN	-19.2031076744105	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	BICD1	55.9494131511986	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	BIRC5	-31.1902367391016	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	BIRC6	16.5499685590074	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	BLVRB	21.1911937467422	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	BMF	-24.1791992096117	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	C2CD4A	-18.1626788107334	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	C3ORF52	20.6849259760248	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	C6ORF222	-18.0099144240144	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	C7	-34.4472167597755	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	C9ORF72	21.0542227748388	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CA2	-26.1843497339623	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CABLES1	-21.0754400409307	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CACNA1G	-18.4317869384972	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CALCOCO2	24.58261470269	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CAMK2G	22.0105531034396	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CATSPERG	-24.720577289512	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CAVIN2	-28.6175009720147	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CCDC3	-19.4608454216149	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CCDC47	32.771755573992	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CCDC63	54.1716217824288	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CCDC71L	-17.1767550047952	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CCL21	-27.3838522718922	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CCM2L	-16.2064709403118	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CCNC	23.1069345706768	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CCR7	41.0284765381591	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CDC37L1	17.2911324526974	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CDH3	-49.638403795119	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CDH8	-28.2702398705168	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CDK1	-23.5464095998627	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CEBPA	-27.2069310231299	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CEP126	34.7906523113872	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CEP170B	40.9938449334448	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CHCHD2	-21.851751343478	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CHORDC1	17.2221199130914	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CHRM4	-18.6973113238492	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CHST2	-19.5425763400308	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CHST8	-16.2265253252211	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CKM	-27.649256940974	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CLCC1	22.9574845099171	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CLDN12	22.5614112615354	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CLDN6	-41.2776252238829	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CLIC5	-34.6651294275189	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CLIP3	55.1751007602914	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CLTC	17.3027001712614	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CLU	43.8570376135523	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CNR1	-28.337434896266	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	COL11A1	-20.3590194015336	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	COL1A1	-26.9935683871408	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	COL1A2	-20.4549703784299	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	COL2A1	-17.6080727060102	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	COL3A1	-17.5951906594743	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	COL5A1	-17.4814980570236	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	COL9A1	-18.7589711222022	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	COPS2	19.3313184660818	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CORIN	-27.6506958617349	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CPE	-17.6558361794463	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CRABP2	-22.0800555812113	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CRTAC1	-28.8699428391696	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CRYAB	45.1478786568024	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CSPG5	-16.3689665263965	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CTSD	29.8943888223745	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CTSV	-28.9685869035052	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CUX2	-19.7225544860061	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	CXCR4	-26.4970877422642	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CYB5R1	55.91417080221	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	CYR61	16.2546443497861	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	DACT1	-20.4711204243539	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DAP3	25.0251131578773	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	DCN	-24.8970704658965	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DCTN4	21.6889454818894	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	DDB2	-18.7710030619529	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DDX27	49.0014894750236	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DENND4C	16.3250542096866	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DGKG	17.209905676931	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DHDDS	52.826039479667	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DHX29	17.6918474114329	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	DIO3	-23.7010776299878	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	DISP3	-21.9983676872342	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	DKK2	-16.7226041951712	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	DLK1	-29.4109163374114	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	DLL4	-18.9640974831499	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	DNAH17	-19.08955094175	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DNAJA4	18.5116419858522	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DNAJB1	37.123072363246	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DNAJB4	48.1796501171226	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DNAJC2	29.4879117885431	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DNAJC3	22.9567387316524	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DNM1	48.2850656484879	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DNTTIP2	51.7599376059399	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DOCK5	21.6116707277009	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DPCD	18.1634329706401	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	DPEP2	-20.3519351315002	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DST	20.7036233933875	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DUSP27	17.582635877659	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	DUSP4	-23.7780192752227	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DYNC1H1	19.3602124556814	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DYNC1I1	41.8999701940547	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	DYNLL2	24.1770012680929	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	E2F1	-27.6866176288075	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	EAF1	40.1571423913707	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ECPAS	17.4452849021456	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	EGF	59.5363703582239	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	EGR1	-28.0587686305518	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	EGR2	-29.7439983183468	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	EGR3	-24.0149899903356	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ELAC2	16.5856767622056	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ELL2	18.0162224807911	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ELN	-46.4571472177226	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	EMC3	19.1745901184532	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	EMILIN1	-29.9399149344711	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	EN2	-24.6698350852281	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	EPDR1	31.5182484091634	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	EPHA4	-18.1451987378652	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	EPPK1	-20.2490177846693	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ERP44	16.9659507513127	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ETV7	-16.932264757677	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FAM214A	18.9588062963384	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FAM214B	30.2506590450272	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FAM219A	17.4588912897905	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FAM241B	32.6694669252942	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FAM43A	19.6129934487067	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FAM83G	27.2421351433733	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	FAM84A	-22.1292578979837	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FARSB	16.8297501691387	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	FAS	-17.6857870192884	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FASTKD2	20.0080197922163	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	FBLN1	-25.2997307049857	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FBXO2	27.858128717246	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FBXO30	25.1842532964209	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FBXO40	18.4990311181263	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	FDXR	-22.1771686304023	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FGF1	16.3577869865383	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	FGF12	-24.6761630830486	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	FGFR3	-20.9762557544653	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	FHDC1	-19.0227076810382	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FHL2	16.8799619001442	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	FITM1	-21.1051001846789	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FLNC	27.1993310341533	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FNIP2	36.7859317302173	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	FOSB	-24.6136543115098	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FOSL1	28.9257974826873	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	FOXC1	-20.6112407207281	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FREM1	18.7268785686887	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	FTL	35.5695667957402	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	FUT3	-17.0243932671759	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	GAB2	16.5626008525815	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	GABARAPL1	22.8793779715702	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	GADD45B	-36.9280123227242	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	GALNT17	-18.5200237391191	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	GAS8	21.8113806835539	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	GCKR	34.1779700956562	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	GCLM	27.8445012611802	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	GCNT3	49.6735142204345	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	GCNT4	-16.3977232391497	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	GDNF	-30.4024102925102	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	GFPT2	-23.2443782530261	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	GJB2	-21.4456787753763	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	GK	21.7309159895851	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	GLRX3	31.5105895684919	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	GNG4	-22.6717372267666	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	GPATCH2L	19.8226479482192	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	GPNMB	-16.9665380373251	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	GPR1	20.8383611077172	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	GPR83	-18.5291348872249	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	GPX3	44.6484025241789	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	GRAP	-21.5565665506611	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	GSR	19.3736994282022	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	H2AFJ	-21.349766642962	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HAP1	-24.7071151835998	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HAPLN3	-21.9532942582506	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HARS	18.8309980817852	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HAS3	-20.277345380556	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HGS	22.5980185636802	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HIST1H1E	-16.819710425448	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HIST1H2AE	-27.141913052889	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HIST1H2AG	-17.0639211946262	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HIST1H2AM	-17.5027724474164	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HIST1H2BF	-16.9499798618002	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HIST1H2BG	-25.4044744010497	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HIST1H2BK	-24.9044919046637	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HIST1H3D	-17.2199152848266	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HIST1H3H	-22.6421735117011	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HMGCR	20.5856869858297	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HMGCS1	23.3695833347374	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HOXD1	-16.6723404885546	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HRH2	-34.3858494916188	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HSD17B12	26.7615767002624	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HSD17B2	-17.3223468759553	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HSP90AA1	43.8170325304399	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HSP90AB1	24.5920031018294	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HSPA1B	39.1690366595297	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HSPA8	35.5753959973423	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HSPB7	18.7907534450115	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HSPB8	36.0500703135685	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HSPD1	18.7461827684442	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HSPE1	21.9234999689425	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HSPH1	40.3906036255764	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HTATIP2	48.3643373295387	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	HTRA1	-19.3610629864652	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	HTT	20.7358296068596	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ID1	-24.4280637426286	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ID2	-26.1607885291164	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	IDE	23.0856475938158	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	IDI1	25.676938601991	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	IFI44	17.2348861419691	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	IGDCC4	-19.418522405456	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	IGFBP2	-23.1518961280091	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	IL4R	-22.8106715935882	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	IL6R	28.0553241698264	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	INHBB	-19.3287011662326	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	INSM2	-21.274010245198	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	IPO13	17.6174340984915	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	IQGAP3	-17.0775961104308	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	IRF4	-20.8798019649418	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ITGAM	-18.3317711359896	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ITPKC	47.9925611447123	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	KCMF1	17.0385076700996	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	KCNJ5	-31.190751418219	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	KCTD12	-17.9320693487091	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	KCTD15	-18.5740010237821	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	KCTD9	22.7029739347103	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	KIAA0930	46.6060367761515	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	KIF20A	-34.6224730316309	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	KIF21A	18.4724400977313	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	KL	-16.2040866725916	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	KLF10	-19.6728421299916	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	KLF4	-16.7608643000372	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	KLHL29	-16.8685330710095	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	KLLN	-23.7257547424325	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	L3HYPDH	17.3005719331329	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	L3MBTL3	-21.0219592227866	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	LAMA1	48.0270755963547	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	LARP4	26.1945876122375	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	LEF1	-16.2924306327024	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	LEFTY2	-17.6937003221788	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	LFNG	-20.9407186096654	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	LGI2	-25.609134004275	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	LGR5	-19.9553608845505	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	LGSN	-26.4821923970064	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	LHFPL2	17.2070911893818	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	LMAN1	19.7598850230041	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	LMBRD2	27.9923158029691	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	LMOD2	25.0090088203601	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	LOC107985692	18.0400551902265	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	LONRF3	-22.5398756712848	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	LOXL2	-25.8039995242819	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	LRRC10	28.8529521635507	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	LRRN1	-23.1987092928737	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	LRRN4	-16.6749025011996	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	LSG1	21.2771946427756	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	LUM	-16.7139166364763	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MAF	-21.2118403892889	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MAFB	-36.5733835924617	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MALT1	17.528853140657	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MAN2B1	48.7375215852424	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MAOB	-16.369914789383	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MAP1A	45.5332598875069	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MAP1LC3A	-22.3265763494339	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MAPK8IP3	22.8080034753672	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MAPRE3	19.1907299756523	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MCOLN3	-20.0169561495519	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MDGA1	-23.4942447922456	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ME1	26.5732979958868	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MEGF6	-17.2507092691924	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MET	43.9498642676477	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	METTL21C	-18.1825210442958	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MFAP3L	-24.5089628105442	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MFSD1	28.0924900856301	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MGP	-27.617716649712	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MICALL2	32.1059093277753	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MKI67	-27.4595409502557	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MLLT11	21.3598203302738	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MMP1	28.7933173930889	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MN1	-17.2609583280185	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MPHOSPH10	29.105058071273	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MRNIP	22.1084443722134	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MRPL37	19.180670823565	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MSRB1	23.398445962039	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MTFR2	-16.3721472796355	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MX2	29.6199724391083	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MXD1	24.1091177682313	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MXRA5	-23.5701390075595	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MYCL	-20.5843827901475	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MYH14	41.4036316091536	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MYH7	-17.5863005825464	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MYL2	21.1655853732923	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MYL3	-26.1814753139246	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MYLK	-21.0851781810152	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	MYO15B	-22.6355463960907	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	MYPN	24.9785482078068	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NAA25	21.3611395936552	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	NDRG1	-21.2239078993303	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NEDD4L	26.0186645499521	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	NEFH	-18.9403573928724	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	NEFL	-20.2884990697625	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NEFM	23.2733941247068	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	NEK8	-16.4394366373506	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NEU3	20.0392980030386	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	NEURL1B	-42.3496913655394	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NFASC	26.1734742202293	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NGLY1	18.3709095573851	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	NHLH2	-24.282950366073	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NIPAL3	26.9351436721919	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	NKPD1	-17.5347063000566	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	NOTCH1	-17.6356848315256	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NPC1	42.924400201289	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NPLOC4	21.8656539400259	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	NPTX2	-30.1009019605476	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NQO2	18.1551244925451	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NR4A3	46.58427006836	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NRAP	20.594763785073	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NRDC	17.8569556828147	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	NREP	-27.0359097277013	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NRIP3	28.0352162264468	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NSFL1C	17.2696831294487	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	NTN1	-27.7377428187476	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	NXPE3	54.0596403299767	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ODC1	24.7053574294352	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	OGFOD1	22.3013687145004	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	OGN	-16.4313255770355	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	OLA1	17.1838470047552	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	OLFML2A	-41.2696119710416	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ORC3	25.4128944831581	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	OSER1	19.7352100258261	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	OSGIN1	33.1666834752376	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	OTUD1	60.1242968220842	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	OVOL1	-20.6246142899381	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	P2RX6	20.0311924713479	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PARP4	17.9317066409478	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PAX5	-17.4681063394157	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PCDH10	-23.6107798722004	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PCDH17	-25.0199843686751	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PCDH19	-21.7376649364867	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PCDH8	-23.8625469397598	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PCNA	-18.9474478178074	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PCOLCE	-18.2028700359823	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PCYT1B	24.1204554556611	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PDE4C	-18.1469347326853	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PDK4	30.2062013236642	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PHGDH	-28.4188307802589	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PHTF1	21.1012492513905	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PITHD1	47.6250388904083	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PLAA	30.4580547746747	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PLEKHB2	19.5894049046809	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PLEKHM3	21.6143251529307	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PLXNA4	-40.7106152280124	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PLXND1	18.4645205994239	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PMEL	-52.9459570457065	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PNCK	-20.9114622725038	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PNP	-24.4936223041969	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PODN	-22.0289907029237	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	POLG2	-19.4599226380655	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	POLR2A	-16.4678813145295	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	POLR2C	17.7833291761409	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	POMP	21.1522037746213	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	POP1	19.2902250123282	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	POSTN	-24.3444682700492	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	POU3F1	-26.7578584662952	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PPP1R1A	-36.7131711195543	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PQLC2	21.9408488402041	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PRDX1	27.5985696966222	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PRSS35	-29.7437194716477	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMA3	20.6442608696423	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMA4	18.2278144260431	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMA5	26.7907590086948	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMA6	16.5440594904095	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMB2	22.7142369199635	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMB4	18.0898061261546	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMB7	24.5824866438357	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMC4	47.7867991612622	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMC5	21.3046415678819	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMC6	17.9183482345346	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMD1	20.5224206216109	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMD11	21.5587900814343	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMD12	46.275474410163	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMD13	25.2059478722206	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMD14	52.5376082905415	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMD2	47.393817311688	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMD6	27.5364889494394	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSMD8	16.3633002349564	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PSME4	27.772833548981	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PTGER3	58.3049633441633	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	PTN	-17.7189994011497	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PTPN23	18.0534117702068	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	PTPRN	34.2278431327199	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	RAB9B	16.3950693637824	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	RABGGTB	18.3446811782835	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	RARG	-19.3340736076623	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	RASGEF1B	-22.1836017947525	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	RASL12	-16.2831826200547	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	RB1CC1	24.0069469840544	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	RBM11	45.3099984297749	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	RCC1	-16.7688232731402	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	RCSD1	-23.0849750786607	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	RDH11	16.6066751868336	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	RGCC	-16.7873888908105	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	RGMA	-21.7782654171521	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	RGS16	-28.7711165998611	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	RGS2	-17.7008321180371	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	RGS5	-19.1581628045449	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	RINT1	16.7355007721816	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	RNF13	27.9094965438039	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	RNF6	30.5887685232008	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	RPS6KC1	30.8982358485523	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	RRP12	41.5299290027004	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	RUFY4	17.8983901070499	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	RUNX3	-27.3564685896889	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SALL1	-24.09639861734	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SCPEP1	54.3399132451255	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SDC1	-31.5079245957814	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SEMA5B	-16.4848454387155	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SERPINB2	30.9116074918907	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SERPINE2	-21.7447930003101	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SESN2	-23.4343303344252	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SESN3	19.3838490475986	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SFRP2	-33.8603138235976	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SFRP5	-23.008729311169	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SGK1	-22.4810958567446	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SH2D5	-18.059497757086	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SH3RF2	21.6434212179221	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SH3TC2	56.1128778857264	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SHE	-22.8370090655337	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SHISA2	-20.8347220375752	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SIX2	-22.7722242538189	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SIX4	-16.7329409449476	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SIX5	-17.6627266279716	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SLC15A2	-17.4674425070761	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SLC16A6	-21.3539303721246	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SLC19A2	27.0441716431809	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SLC1A5	-16.6976371950412	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SLC25A38	17.9006812378478	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SLC28A3	-35.8144161041342	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SLC2A13	47.8465662207694	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SLC4A11	-29.3724118847209	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SLC5A1	-17.5491916501409	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SLC9A9	54.3860373523617	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SLFN13	-45.6775939524603	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SMAD6	-16.2151051879616	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SMAP2	21.9484282374608	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SNAI1	-29.2220149956521	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SNX10	51.4754314531828	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SNX29	54.225941469953	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SOD1	29.5769098843331	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SORD	54.1667600859442	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SOX3	-19.2523750269106	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SOX4	-17.1086292389915	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SOX9	-18.1418694013788	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SP6	21.9505215325931	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SPART	17.0570294867822	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SPATA13	22.909760897821	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SPATS2	21.7526215538993	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SPHK1	-38.1013413035097	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SPON1	-42.2223204989469	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SPRED3	-20.3976197091956	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SPSB1	-25.5759791528691	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SQOR	24.50043869159	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SQSTM1	38.4687171059774	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SRL	24.242591341035	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SRXN1	39.3716554120814	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SS18L1	21.5005161592786	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	STARD7	17.0707071588624	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	STX12	21.3159988154298	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	STYK1	18.5970181420362	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SULF1	-21.4941029024794	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SULF2	-42.5134345742334	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	SULT1A1	21.4590709352353	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SULT1E1	-39.1954940471808	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	SYT12	-16.6665351501318	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TAGLN	-23.5472686986771	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TANGO2	48.4957134560499	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TATDN1	23.2293477552513	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TAX1BP1	17.9969593074241	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TBC1D2	-17.1689851258855	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TCAP	-26.0273571236144	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TCF24	-16.643696571371	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TCP11L2	26.0269750054109	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TDRD10	-16.220083504537	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TFCP2L1	-21.2910419944386	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TFPI2	-18.0162525867601	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	THY1	-22.2699417337467	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TK1	-19.6110433411741	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TLE3	-17.2343144914731	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TLR6	25.7118253387943	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TM2D2	23.4357887467364	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TM4SF1	28.6067164952417	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TMEM100	-16.9781712111706	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TMEM158	-18.0719915164031	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TMEM176A	-21.6475424373634	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TMEM176B	-19.7765537242561	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TMEM178A	-18.417959077088	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM233	19.66617368996	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM87A	16.6508884970132	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TMX3	18.120592512701	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TNFRSF10A	-23.7166810187972	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TNFRSF10C	-21.9986335787217	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TNFRSF10D	-34.0097742570184	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TNNI1	-27.3384177629363	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TNRC18	-20.6386953684489	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TOP2A	-27.2511018239094	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TPBG	-22.4931740045072	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TRIM71	-17.9839777061923	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TSPAN11	-26.5173582328316	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TTC1	28.6068061399975	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TTLL7	19.5631362621824	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TUBA1C	41.759578195335	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TUBA4A	43.0177181314876	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TUBB3	-38.0710329714003	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TUBB4A	48.4345774427791	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TXNIP	18.9146832627847	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TXNL1	20.3562595579346	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	TXNRD1	20.1502829279946	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TYMS	-23.2726163837663	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	TYRP1	-25.1312557768485	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	UBC	38.0464522726863	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	UBQLN1	18.0442632412048	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	UBR3	20.0731621945113	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	UBXN4	22.8987643721956	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	UCHL1	41.3090107230686	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	UFD1	30.9405596488513	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	UHRF1BP1L	25.2623249604479	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	UNKL	47.1199875808548	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	USP14	21.7146277982108	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	USP38	20.0849422482491	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	USP5	21.0283611459803	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	VDR	-20.5669769791239	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	VIPR2	-19.9106771296873	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	VKORC1L1	20.5482946466116	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	VMP1	17.1981350928379	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	VPS26A	20.2312573152882	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	VPS37A	25.3946753239439	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	VWC2	-19.1982328057253	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	VWCE	-18.7764695485805	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	WDR74	-17.3410246784567	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	WHRN	-30.1833569586094	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	XIRP2	37.8275998197263	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ZCCHC12	-34.1483222930096	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ZDHHC17	18.0183677184587	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ZFAND2A	33.6006315970064	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ZNF189	20.874880681515	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ZNF365	25.8821875622749	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ZNF367	-17.5784117146921	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ZNF423	-18.7238225030918	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	OrangeRed	ZNF483	17.1315115270695	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	OrangeRed	ZNF703	-16.6722130384623	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	A2M	-19.100503410403	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ABCA2	16.5415626641731	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ABCB6	41.7506517209489	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ABHD15	-16.5276624094175	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ABHD2	16.2708606878049	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ABHD3	19.6883543116087	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ABHD4	16.0783133747717	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ACER2	-17.18812175976	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ACOX2	15.4858385099827	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ACOXL	-16.7579502280645	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ADAM11	-21.4892200057192	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ADAM12	23.2367939840839	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ADAM15	22.2289970837708	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ADAMTS1	25.0573957160489	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ADAMTS15	-45.1267539203108	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ADAMTS7	-18.4729159576205	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ADAMTS8	-29.1839623594167	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ADAMTSL4	-18.0501320401953	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ADCY1	-17.0662264915262	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ADCY5	-15.9256091806596	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ADGRB2	-17.1267217647824	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ADGRG1	36.9247917219816	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ADGRL3	-19.6984943320141	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ADM	-18.5410077378186	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ADORA1	-19.4155643679504	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ADRA2A	-19.5344395057514	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	AGRN	-18.7558197808721	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	AIF1L	-38.0797615697319	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	AJUBA	-15.5515883275899	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	AKAP6	15.6374834827601	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	AKR1B10	18.2771817410094	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ALKBH6	21.3445740393909	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	AMIGO3	-20.4995549368263	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ANK1	-20.3098035832182	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ANKRD1	24.6209876076531	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ANKRD45	-16.6195865944531	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ANKRD63	-41.2421476029908	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ANLN	-20.7173843102021	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ANXA1	28.6975672681613	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	AP3B2	-21.2949357798244	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	AP5Z1	35.5208507694239	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	APCDD1	-37.2501664284552	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	APLN	-25.3885583186857	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	APLP1	-17.1358245969436	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	APOBEC2	-21.4378248285007	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	APOL2	16.7406246243872	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	AQP3	-26.783021420318	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ARC	-35.6288919378898	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ASF1B	-30.0254260758216	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ATG4A	16.4095632127009	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ATP1B2	-23.5340640601713	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ATP6V0E1	15.1091263226572	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ATP6V1A	24.1065934526871	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ATP6V1F	26.1110660031175	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	AUTS2	-16.2876729816053	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	B3GNT5	-17.9724586718532	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	B4GALNT1	46.350174651612	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	BAG3	20.6147795516332	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	BAIAP2	-21.5329165397419	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	BBS4	18.9024924342721	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	BDKRB1	28.8367146478313	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	BHLHE40	18.8447689668546	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	BICD1	21.7412600252638	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	BIRC5	-28.3953973890738	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	BLVRB	25.090839660607	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	BMF	-26.1911281318307	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	BMP7	-26.1924151849318	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	BRF2	17.3740636267425	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	C10ORF71	-35.7448783604502	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	C2CD4A	-19.7098332061645	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	C6ORF222	-19.5440558660789	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	C7	-31.9298172635995	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CA2	-25.2155961310814	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CA8	-15.255031518529	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CABLES1	-18.5453880982815	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CABP1	-17.3643184953236	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CACNA1G	-46.1062390572471	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CALCOCO2	16.8311909431778	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CAMK2G	22.3129827255241	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CAPN3	-20.8376036578711	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CASQ1	-16.021749162852	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CATSPERG	-26.5812000558041	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CAVIN2	-25.6035078566302	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CCDC3	-19.3268965686258	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CCDC47	18.6082459915921	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CCDC63	53.3344094572133	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CCDC71L	-16.0413331842457	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CCM2L	-17.5869893655403	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CCNB2	-16.086156422201	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CD44	25.0269992078627	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CDC20	-19.4515761041891	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CDCA8	-18.2092394430376	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CDH3	-48.4150376317168	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CDHR2	-15.0511585573674	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CDK1	-19.0353147083427	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CDK5R1	-16.8417818333605	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CEBPA	-29.7623250493062	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CELSR2	-15.9118666477991	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CEP126	28.0152263622813	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CEP170B	39.0341079197523	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CEP290	15.0591379097443	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CFAP43	-16.3618011353467	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CHCHD7	-16.9996653704197	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CHRD	-14.9577963713984	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CHRM4	-24.7212202372069	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CHST8	-17.6087520463502	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CKB	-23.4505629380093	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CKM	-24.5527857382939	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CLCC1	17.2945056585275	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CLDN6	-39.342061512393	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CLIC5	-32.1662924212289	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CLIP2	18.8853833283147	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CLIP3	33.9980836995035	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CLPB	17.6788054475841	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CLSPN	-18.0418995066253	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CLU	42.1411964032355	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CNR1	-29.9475792086822	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	COL2A1	-29.5107549937199	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	COL4A6	-17.0406971407422	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	COL9A1	-16.5405252078973	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CORIN	-24.5543472308741	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CPE	-15.1717332911467	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CPNE2	17.7615794521283	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CPT1A	-20.3849385180213	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CRABP2	-33.1619663426033	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CRIP2	-31.1823881488515	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CRTAC1	-29.3208728006833	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CRYAB	43.5419953670476	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CSPG5	-15.1336317063421	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CTSD	25.9874690698802	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CTSV	-30.0057706556711	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CUX2	-27.3510807162857	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CXCL3	-16.8302085617727	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CXCR4	-24.1867973158033	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CYB5R1	20.0374470844234	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	CYP26B1	-15.7256573708417	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CYP51A1	15.5930042315756	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	CYR61	32.1734214560907	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DACT1	-18.1524063453141	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DAP3	18.558441176075	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DCTN4	15.8406462666757	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DDB2	-18.404961292253	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DDIT4L	-15.7977197154953	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DDX27	20.5380225431323	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DHDDS	21.0054368622301	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DHDH	-15.1385788045663	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DHRS2	-15.3524927959578	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DIO3	-18.5525636866235	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DISP3	-23.8722581862224	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DLGAP5	-20.0697260882127	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DLK1	30.998434010499	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DLL4	-20.5795192544744	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DLX2	-17.0391898872788	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DNAH12	-15.5550133241747	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DNAH17	-19.6316798791216	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DNAJB1	34.8336107060636	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DNAJB4	27.3844620624082	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DNAJC2	24.4884512770263	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DNM1	46.9464178636967	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DNTTIP2	24.3878605418663	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DOCK5	22.6636520265263	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DPEP2	-22.0855773008275	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DPYSL5	-31.5987201942715	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	DRD1	-17.1670623990494	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DUSP1	28.6378468809844	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DUSP27	17.4891345390834	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DYNC1I1	40.0174197944283	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	DYNLL2	17.7965068501239	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	E2F1	-15.0869447825821	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	EEF1A2	15.9665465455242	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	EFHD1	-20.1316337082979	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	EGF	15.7642971020326	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	EGR1	-22.1393882286599	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	EGR2	-29.8026930643604	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	EGR3	-20.7444264131312	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	EHD3	-26.215568663901	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	EMP2	-15.5179986495528	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	EN2	-26.7712896219957	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	EOMES	-17.2420060411911	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	EPDR1	21.4250823429149	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	EPHA4	-20.5103452425744	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	EPPK1	-17.8310813769674	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ERO1B	-16.9923738905837	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ETV7	-18.374608594587	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	F11R	-18.1650523486708	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	F2RL2	54.6878833170934	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	FAM219A	21.6417900462206	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	FAM241B	23.8173885790646	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FAM78A	-37.561579501317	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	FAM83G	24.1109840190142	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FAM84A	-23.5780243384773	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FAS	-16.4890461344039	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FBXL22	-29.3626945821164	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	FBXO2	24.7794498727368	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FDXR	-23.5875513538289	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FGF12	-21.3264343472565	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FGFR3	-18.6118321637214	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FHDC1	-20.7378294336711	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FITM1	-17.4511770226599	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	FLNC	24.4285709094651	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	FLYWCH1	18.6175022414375	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	FNIP2	34.4677513681731	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FOSB	-23.8917695198754	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	FOSL1	25.9380660386431	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FOXC1	-22.053206423958	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FOXQ1	-16.121465080761	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FSD2	-23.4737275867632	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	FTL	33.1477726235066	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FUCA1	-15.863097327028	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FUT3	-18.4745849017539	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	FXYD6	-31.4863357440688	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	GABARAPL1	16.9998436724494	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GAD1	-16.0370936770419	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GADD45B	-38.8477462679565	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GALNT16	-18.4462272724508	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GALNT17	-23.1216741115389	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	GAS8	15.1417658900339	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GATA3	-15.6149869924612	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	GCKR	31.6376353175106	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	GCLM	17.1646543380403	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	GCNT3	23.1369161639234	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GCNT4	-16.4347480463358	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GDNF	-32.9921837067691	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GJB2	-20.581889621088	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	GK	16.5589624753945	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	GLA	41.0040396930133	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	GLIPR1	15.1581607639011	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GLP1R	-36.6075455582053	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	GLRX3	20.0253658578025	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GNG4	-24.265261267866	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GPR83	-20.1075051696616	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GPRIN3	-15.4170317208607	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	GPX3	42.9999722785455	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GRAP	-17.239857755447	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GRIN2C	-15.7452358429304	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GTF2B	-15.7827041167731	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	GUCY1A1	-16.4075427108441	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	H2AFJ	-22.2147805838343	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HAP1	-26.054541201503	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HAPLN3	-25.1097050134169	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HAS3	-20.5171265067772	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HBEGF	17.5216176963796	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HEXIM1	-16.1069017864383	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HGS	19.2875121356481	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST1H1C	-15.5933159087944	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST1H1D	-16.9796278012022	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST1H1E	-18.2524665285416	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST1H2AE	-27.1761361420474	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST1H2AG	-18.5174799430171	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST1H2AM	-18.9937139327795	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST1H2BE	-17.1611521506562	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST1H2BF	-18.3938327272791	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST1H2BG	-28.0774785128569	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST1H2BK	-26.2933303903101	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST1H3D	-18.6867621029361	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST1H3H	-24.5709054259623	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST1H3J	-16.3595242386154	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST1H4H	-15.0689255650415	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HIST3H2A	-14.9846520313914	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HKDC1	41.9677245329826	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HMGA1	18.8750912676958	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HMGB3	-14.996685043293	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HMGCS1	14.971305825419	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HMOX1	37.2002159373006	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HOXD1	-18.0925431545708	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HRH2	-31.8632225375525	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HSD17B12	19.3056105840334	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HSP90AA1	42.0977835606829	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HSPA1B	37.0538567086349	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HSPA8	33.1540983749275	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HSPB7	17.3419814103008	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HSPD1	19.9788451227306	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HSPH1	16.2899503709318	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HTATIP2	16.8443164820894	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	HTRA1	-15.5112208178572	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	HTT	16.7803745650508	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ID1	-23.065937795695	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ID2	-27.6595437304956	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	IDE	16.5826775480009	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	IFI44	26.3422616433004	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	IGFBP2	-25.8752281943524	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	IGFN1	25.4228970674513	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	IGSF3	-16.9083490903505	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	IL11RA	-15.5563570391916	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	IL4R	-23.6573167631203	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	IL6R	24.9934430573256	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	INHBA	16.5265423965701	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	INHBB	-16.0415498810181	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	INSM1	-16.9218709629238	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	INSM2	-23.0861976874963	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	IQGAP3	-43.2416094647973	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	IRF4	-26.9960646828677	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ISYNA1	-17.6521795043258	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ITGA10	-15.4842612444438	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ITGAM	-19.8933293502064	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ITLN1	-23.3705708030765	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	KCNJ5	-28.395955910185	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	KIAA0040	-15.2581048290949	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	KIAA0319	17.0608592504491	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	KIAA0930	45.1243640044098	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	KIF18B	-17.9131233894741	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	KIF1A	18.7579743638467	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	KIF20A	-32.1200024186975	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	KIF21A	17.1303172472436	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	KL	-17.5844019983592	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	KLF10	-20.8906378148115	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	KLF4	-19.1693953987868	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	KLF5	-17.0332359072786	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	KLF6	19.032351731436	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	KLHL13	-31.9404477170348	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	KLLN	-26.1613217814633	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	L3MBTL3	-23.1633246668943	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	LDB3	-21.8290771983822	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	LDLR	15.9900680750049	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	LEF1	-17.8905114507696	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	LFNG	-17.1491172340579	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	LGR5	-21.6552216059051	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	LGSN	-27.2532802931323	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	LHFPL2	16.6035141525846	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	LMNB1	-16.927166745746	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	LMOD1	-25.8051283690689	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	LMOD2	25.5751817320929	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	LMOD3	15.0181484688373	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	LOC101927401	-16.2892054909758	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	LONRF3	-24.2720409869383	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	LRRC10	23.8573771049121	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	LRRN1	-15.3974295348713	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	LRRN4	-33.4210937470346	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	LSR	-15.1478866034689	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MAF	-16.5339303304034	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MAFB	-36.8963034725441	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MAN2B1	47.4374154274095	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MAP1A	43.9602045892184	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MAP2	37.0065197743641	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MAPK8IP3	19.7558270443481	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MAPRE3	14.9900900104631	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MASP1	-35.354654438463	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MB	-34.9409352429669	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MCOLN3	-18.8483296054875	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MDGA1	-25.6934674912426	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MEGF6	-22.5738690177541	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MET	42.2419303251628	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	METTL21C	-19.7313656639052	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MFAP3L	-26.3651490402709	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MFSD1	17.587678784577	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MFSD2A	-15.1282271963205	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MICALL2	29.3890698633976	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MKI67	-24.3469091397721	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MLLT11	20.2333632502309	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MMP1	25.7943008762279	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MMP10	47.2329137311073	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MMP24	16.8150272680097	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MPHOSPH10	20.6526868066289	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MROH1	15.9115205851299	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MTFR2	-17.199782036734	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MUC19	-18.0300563842152	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MX2	23.9882269135036	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MYB	-15.9609532489541	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MYCL	-25.3298384099931	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MYH14	39.478801519881	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MYH6	-21.8969371588543	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MYH7B	-19.6028114927582	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	MYL2	16.482110113215	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MYL3	-22.9599738324246	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MYL7	-25.186751993012	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MYLK	-23.6247502071039	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MYO15B	-16.0850169424345	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	MYOCD	-24.2009351621614	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	NAA25	17.1915306394648	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	NCLN	18.3353582316701	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	NDRG1	-20.5491063343251	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	NEFH	-16.86229673264	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	NEFL	-19.9143908808073	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	NEFM	19.8041730947273	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	NEK8	-17.6440027915512	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	NETO2	-16.7659877765645	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	NEURL1B	-40.5054496369208	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	NFASC	31.5993742377492	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	NFKB2	18.0066594814281	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	NHLH2	-26.3514488394755	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	NKPD1	-19.053094253868	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	NOTCH1	-16.8022559681695	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	NPC1	41.1291139880205	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	NPLOC4	15.7639051789282	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	NPPC	-16.877135339401	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	NPTX2	-30.3353441799141	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	NQO1	-15.5834862122686	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	NR4A3	45.1007431396413	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	NREP	-23.8871916705333	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	NRIP3	24.9716222557652	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	NTN1	-27.8301312975044	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	NXPE3	31.5285393295143	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	OLFML2A	-39.3333656653433	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	OPRK1	-16.159073961533	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	OR2B6	-16.3103713875334	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ORC3	19.1110901040002	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	OSGIN1	30.5402041059709	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	OSMR	23.6582543436928	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	OTUD1	30.6709779970618	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	OVOL1	-22.3814841319512	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	OXCT1	-15.9306510190134	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PALM3	16.23774899162	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PAX5	-18.9560948561161	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PCDH10	-19.6182905118197	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PCDH17	-26.231230764492	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PCDH19	-22.0471390367664	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PCDH8	-25.8952341203654	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PCK2	-15.3050479926628	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PCYT1B	19.7730483753382	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PDE4C	-17.573313649693	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PDGFB	-16.9144356257526	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PDK4	27.3275387262995	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PGAM2	-30.9040441150461	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PHGDH	-25.9049329624488	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PHLDA1	19.328925972195	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PIMREG	-19.1403308511233	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PITHD1	23.5533095040982	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PLAA	20.4081230831114	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PLCB2	-17.413878845089	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PLEKHA6	-22.2164806936052	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PLXNA2	-17.9058173905377	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PLXNA4	-38.7267518126894	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PLXNC1	-15.3285279569378	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PLXND1	23.2299758195994	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PNCK	-15.0666345606515	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PNLDC1	-15.931285634532	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PNP	-19.4769522152516	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	POLG2	-21.2336387706451	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	POLR2A	-23.6511379591951	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	POMP	16.9881624938478	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	POP1	18.2581865722657	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	POPDC2	15.3024091924411	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	POU3F1	-29.0371774351458	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PPARGC1B	-19.500763448368	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PPP1R14C	-17.8186506969356	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PPP1R1A	-34.3887927786893	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PPP2R2C	17.9392941329435	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PRSS35	-26.8256612081692	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PSMA3	15.244928720679	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PSMA5	16.7563067358766	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PSMB7	19.2730459778842	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PSMC4	20.7452203451662	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PSMD1	15.4015998101559	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PSMD11	16.4688939617136	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PSMD12	21.892385436047	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PSMD13	19.0482592105673	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PSMD14	27.3572674569916	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PSMD2	15.4879259012836	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PSMD6	19.5113263171021	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PSME4	17.8955315723435	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PTGER3	25.560081852852	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PTHLH	-17.3584542050887	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PTN	-19.4967561432204	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PTPN23	15.5973328514554	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	PTPRN	31.6917566975258	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PTTG1	-16.4367635647356	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PXDNL	-16.3783320333019	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	PYROXD2	-15.8834397979604	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	RAB9B	17.8265733383589	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RARG	-19.1079869839726	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RASD2	-22.6854253791775	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RASGEF1B	-18.7791297078787	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	RBM11	43.7179250147613	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RBP1	-24.7168664125386	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RCC1	-17.2462581263336	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RCOR2	-22.1504090418843	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RCSD1	-19.5997039187248	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	RDH10	19.2923381636671	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RGCC	-16.3856781802941	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RGMA	-19.298100412391	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RGS16	-31.2219312606716	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RGS2	-19.5878081732523	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RGS5	-40.5191969422861	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RND1	-16.0039091256677	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RNF207	-26.590343088097	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	RNF6	15.072543311298	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	RPS6KC1	20.936775539328	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RRM2	-31.7069424975328	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	RRP12	39.6158573246512	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RSAD2	-21.0228781201812	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RTL5	-15.3965826801417	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	RUNX1	20.8990364086847	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	RUNX3	-29.6867790611263	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	S1PR3	-17.1846045110427	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SALL1	-27.9760919449981	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SCPEP1	22.7500994820751	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SCUBE3	-32.3060900101457	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SDC1	-30.6133397050698	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SEMA5B	-21.3685703961849	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SESN2	-21.7556503951018	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SESN3	17.3678108378783	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SFRP5	-19.5169632957367	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SH3RF2	24.7922397509919	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SH3TC2	55.441027891924	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SHE	-24.7823376881681	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SHISA2	-23.2806536859631	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SIX2	-24.7120343013994	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SIX4	-18.7919126385607	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SLC16A6	-23.1729256634714	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SLC19A2	20.7431219684654	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SLC2A13	23.0402364495958	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SLC30A1	-14.9933158711327	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SLC43A2	-16.135426028643	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SLC44A5	-15.5475756113175	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SLC4A11	-31.8744467786595	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SLC6A4	-18.2918354272268	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SLC7A11	44.4998201417777	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SLC9A1	-19.6575602401143	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SLC9A9	29.2981989042417	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SMYD2	-23.7863724487827	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SNAI1	-31.7920101710214	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SNX10	27.8473793199476	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SNX29	28.9133058025728	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SOD1	20.9203117344455	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SORD	16.488678650566	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SOX3	-19.9671100631663	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SOX9	-18.5011917012149	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SP6	21.6394779025186	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SPATA13	17.0698909339344	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SPATS2	15.5647761345609	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SPHK1	-34.0240638194438	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SPRED3	-21.5963366415452	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SPSB1	-22.4911402629232	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SQOR	15.153479050302	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SQSTM1	36.29388172172	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SRL	24.0455992470636	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	SRXN1	37.2737351670305	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SULF2	-21.0650868848093	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SYN2	-18.0997386434267	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	SYT12	-23.3001886497284	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TAGLN	-16.1212724080292	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	TANGO2	26.7732061662191	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TBC1D2	-17.0951611690113	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	TBK1	15.5702372878735	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TBX5	-18.5694996247185	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TCAP	-22.7927273674782	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TCEA3	-22.7474144349428	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TCF24	-18.0614592579742	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TCHH	-15.4587245923268	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TDRD10	-17.6017614910171	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TFCP2L1	-23.1046802549761	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	TFPI	37.449163741408	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	TGFB1I1	18.8169011844971	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	THBS1	17.4049650256174	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	THBS4	-16.2539968376806	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TLE2	-17.4293959850533	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TLE3	-16.6456527968423	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TLN2	-15.4322516026323	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	TM2D2	21.3030675285199	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	TM4SF1	20.2896561425252	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TMC6	-14.9758037989214	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TMEM100	-18.9384374956981	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TMEM158	-18.9945320564685	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TMEM176B	-15.9167415048944	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TMEM178A	-17.998815902954	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TMSB15A	-15.2863315315076	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TNFRSF10A	-24.9417300127048	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TNFRSF10C	-25.3590184311159	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TNFRSF10D	-20.1415782043204	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TNNI1	-24.2154682964723	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	TNNI3	15.1953582273529	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TOP2A	-24.1207145097436	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TP53I11	-20.3970000764002	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TPBG	-23.0759580178776	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TRIM71	-19.8672512130857	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TRMT9B	-22.7065226650528	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TROAP	-19.7937069937519	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TRPC3	-15.1855670258194	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TSPAN11	-28.4106024947422	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	TTLL7	23.5828286868328	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	TUBA1C	39.8650687614617	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	TUBA4A	41.2303810345026	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TUBB3	-31.2872037233979	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	TUBB4A	47.1086655452496	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	TXNL1	15.5079466503173	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	TYMS	-23.4603711153611	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	UBC	35.8356470351008	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	UCHL1	39.3761205276118	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	UFD1	22.1720649452578	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ULBP1	-17.05051892518	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ULBP2	-17.9527496358433	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	UNKL	45.6820947633158	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	USP14	16.7681009850673	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	VCAM1	-26.8921462339327	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	VDR	-20.8260293141276	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	VMP1	16.3780176903144	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	VSTM2L	-21.8232006675299	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	VWC2	-20.3908531342355	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	VWCE	-20.6310329632991	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	WDR74	-15.2321623061875	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	WFS1	15.2013752385939	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	WHRN	-17.3326298986895	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	XIRP2	35.7105989649626	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	YPEL1	-23.4697903752593	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ZCCHC12	-35.5093701763228	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ZFAND2A	31.0111173005119	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ZNF367	-16.3388172809624	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ZNF423	-17.1289716688788	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Blue	ZNF483	17.1454492269842	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Blue	ZNF710	-17.3267551539097	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ABCA1	15.0788626438194	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ABCA12	-15.6494732499316	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ABCA2	18.0432231505893	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ABCB6	44.4500498923084	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ABHD15	-13.9947077008839	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ABHD2	20.6920779066325	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ABHD4	29.0326856196997	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ABL2	15.9380661750539	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ACADVL	14.284306738701	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ACE2	-14.9279152067169	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ACER2	-14.5825187634289	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ACKR3	14.4033501541462	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ACOX2	14.3380726361056	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ACTA2	15.1493891061834	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ACTC1	13.5271148143329	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ACTG2	17.6475522234345	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ADAM11	-14.9619893068867	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ADAM12	25.1043988050162	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ADAM15	19.086713826015	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ADAMTS1	49.8806219409391	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ADAMTS14	24.5390919466285	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ADAMTS7	-18.44903887118	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ADAMTS8	-29.9884013004292	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ADAMTSL4	-14.771204152393	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ADGRG1	40.2096864882558	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ADPGK	13.9460752232838	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ADRA2A	-17.1644271521757	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	AGRN	-21.3538300741466	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	AIF1L	-14.1912502122568	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	AKR1B10	29.5445021888252	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ALAS2	-17.4979760847821	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ALKBH6	24.186164556707	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	AMIGO3	-17.9355638344606	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ANK1	-13.6038984468748	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ANKRD1	18.2424488055824	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ANXA1	26.124005202638	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	AP3B2	-16.2797436543126	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	AP5Z1	38.9760784188234	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	APLN	-28.4900183677468	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	APLP1	-19.4479309794098	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	APOL2	23.9159964200001	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	AQP3	-24.2962636213064	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ARC	-25.2904671203586	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ASF1B	-28.1653925021996	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ATP6V0D2	15.9114286599252	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ATP6V0E1	23.9156085775026	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ATP6V1A	16.9954800367188	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	B3GNT5	-15.8824218384625	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	B4GALNT1	27.8678846313043	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	BAG3	24.7562352003876	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	BAIAP2	-15.3466279110611	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	BBS4	22.5602490408784	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	BCAP31	17.2772754458293	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	BHLHE40	16.1440227156247	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	BICD1	19.3093895185597	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	BIRC5	-32.7151193860734	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	BLVRB	19.6776556707797	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	BRF2	23.0428111454805	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	BSDC1	17.1077648856995	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	BUB1	-15.4994411151192	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	C21ORF58	-14.3262024095543	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	C2CD4A	-17.3185412434863	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	C3ORF52	17.5667186953987	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	C6ORF222	-17.1728768093189	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CA2	-22.0361111243986	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CABLES1	-14.8214358854693	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CACNA1G	-48.2771963797635	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CALCOCO2	17.8973787016833	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CAMK2G	22.2171597954367	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CAP1	16.7879168663215	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CASQ1	-14.6529170211239	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CASQ2	-35.6073399811579	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CATSPERG	-22.8751202414306	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CCDC168	-14.1668696679378	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CCDC47	20.8436784411597	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CCDC63	17.8883554579845	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CCDC71L	-16.4018073867909	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CCL21	-15.3753405752799	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CCL26	15.7756454767494	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CCM2L	-15.4532510493596	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CCNA2	-22.4540010840321	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CCT2	16.4798231672666	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CD44	48.5989179134197	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CDC20	-13.5976433994348	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CDC25B	-14.6497800650999	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CDH3	-24.4894350205678	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CDK1	-15.7330496622255	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CDK5R1	-13.5517833032873	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CEBPA	-26.1514163248852	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CELSR2	-15.2955531945132	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CENPU	-15.1935698803692	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CEP170B	42.063090278361	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CFAP43	-14.3767085604558	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CHCHD7	-13.9707700472096	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CHPF2	13.7495925839514	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CHRM4	-17.8283259137424	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CHST8	-15.4723733768413	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CIB1	15.3172541280703	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CLCC1	15.8220624383594	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CLDN6	-16.5416263665247	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CLDN9	-14.2768855338961	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CLIC5	-36.0285112578427	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CLIP3	23.9310524834954	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CLPB	14.1208501240932	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CLSPN	-18.849374977947	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CLU	44.7932118113798	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CNR1	-26.3141945567515	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	COL2A1	-18.5660025837591	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	COL3A1	14.1365431426692	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	COL6A3	15.3577550780678	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	COX6A2	-42.6681865981606	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CRB2	-22.9428945677673	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CREBRF	-14.0590678196884	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CRTAC1	-27.4886811375796	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CRYAB	16.9605526128905	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CSPG5	-15.2079550399286	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CTSD	32.3399706980722	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CTSV	-23.7539734981053	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CUX2	-19.5736155008912	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CXCL3	-14.7882865402621	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CXCL8	23.7252278351388	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CXCR4	-20.443307639171	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CYB5R1	22.3671040296736	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	CYP1B1	-17.6754039131898	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	CYR61	57.3599203977167	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DAP3	23.6285667265182	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	DAPK2	-13.5718086575442	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	DDB2	-14.2640230899827	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DDIT3	18.4371944684739	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	DDIT4L	-13.8032223561652	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DDX27	27.8069621676888	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DDX3Y	18.15460291704	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	DEPDC1	-14.5904160535622	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DHDDS	28.2456073308082	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	DIO3	-16.3016772399016	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	DISP3	-20.9759607627701	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DKK1	17.4917353201471	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	DLL4	-18.0827127886738	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	DLX2	-14.9719132441028	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DNAJB1	38.3722176323323	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DNAJB4	48.9149244564581	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DNAJC2	22.3637357517513	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DNM1	49.0154406438926	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DNTTIP2	27.7635218946954	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DOCK5	21.3685661850743	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DOK1	18.6970724397633	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DPCD	19.7720006765034	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	DPEP2	-19.4060486138948	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DPP3	19.258898344559	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DUSP1	17.4161818917682	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DUSP27	13.5782312149425	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	DUSP4	-17.8695477171881	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	DYNC1I1	42.9271020170022	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	E2F1	-19.5086474242534	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	EEF1A2	13.5558868302561	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	EGF	26.011748390706	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	EGR1	-25.2743734524445	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	EGR2	-26.1868866977858	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	EGR3	-20.4526360473407	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	EIF3I	19.0738895805845	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ELL2	14.0420326336621	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ELN	-14.8262728950963	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	EMC3	21.3701058331842	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	EN2	-23.5232677319076	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ENC1	15.4926464074955	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ENO1	16.581881377297	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	EOMES	-15.1501227646824	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	EPDR1	27.4381412311943	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	EPHA4	-15.3946598248635	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	EPN3	-15.2325429401224	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	EPPK1	-21.5303824529965	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ERO1B	-15.5735142001761	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ETV7	-16.145312517345	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	F2RL2	18.1213359729832	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	FAM111B	-16.7295299514432	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FAM214B	19.7908781815656	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FAM219A	19.7182224574698	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FAM241B	54.1172451624793	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FAM43A	25.945416244339	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FAM83G	28.9505116962268	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	FAM84A	-20.7174247835912	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	FAS	-13.9615021064125	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FBXO2	29.5378760506819	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FBXO30	13.5341109601459	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FDPS	15.7477374790044	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	FDXR	-20.3557236541314	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FGF18	15.432016630573	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	FGFR3	-17.1348113581616	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	FHDC1	-18.2218160139015	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FHL2	14.9446598861074	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	FITM1	-23.0987045838283	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FLYWCH1	14.5424846998236	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FN1	26.7023891651528	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FNIP2	15.0003661285322	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	FOSB	-17.307809375271	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FOSL1	30.5559233190039	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	FOXC1	-16.4977045426322	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	FOXM1	-15.8208740597801	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	FOXQ1	-14.1655312343921	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FREM1	18.4946721341025	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	FTL	36.8909135514097	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	FUCA1	-14.8657772492949	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	FUT3	-16.2331592170575	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	GABARAPL1	21.8462049763984	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	GAD1	-13.7784272677475	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	GADD45B	-29.0928102405762	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	GALNT17	-14.345615272194	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	GATA3	-13.7205015089047	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	GCKR	35.5639933819867	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	GCLM	18.0639198307127	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	GCNT3	50.3393589991252	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	GDF15	-15.4615928771	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	GJB2	-18.0847955709848	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	GLA	43.7940204341477	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	GLIPR1	27.903526884593	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	GLP1R	-17.0422244688518	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	GLRX3	20.0684634162142	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	GNG4	-20.5214077384043	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	GPR1	19.062132008003	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	GPR83	-17.6679657276594	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	GPX3	45.547796858341	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	GRIN2C	-13.8349479410573	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	GSDMC	21.2184121697158	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	GSTP1	15.4227088360919	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	H2AFJ	-19.4082556651171	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HACL1	14.6534590106233	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HAP1	-21.2220272799346	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HAPLN3	-19.5722266308723	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HARS	18.6175230587775	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HAS3	-16.8684176759538	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HGS	21.1094296606841	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HIST1H1C	-13.8341872876593	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HIST1H1D	-14.9195775173883	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HIST1H1E	-16.0379893154567	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HIST1H2AE	-23.8789963208538	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HIST1H2AG	-16.2708500251675	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HIST1H2AM	-16.6893050119238	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HIST1H2BE	-15.0790784578495	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HIST1H2BF	-16.162204285602	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HIST1H2BG	-24.6709834909171	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HIST1H2BK	-22.3937480511084	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HIST1H3D	-16.4195940575334	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HIST1H3H	-21.5898447520214	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HIST1H3J	-14.3747079078103	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HIST3H2A	-13.6827139983257	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HMGA1	26.6854351753073	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HMGCR	16.155620471462	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HMGCS1	18.2039032816197	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	HOXD1	-15.89746861602	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HSD17B12	17.0510256387897	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HSP90AA1	44.7550660241285	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HSP90AB1	13.9492722096193	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HSP90B1	22.2982956539241	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HSPA12A	15.3330159262158	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HSPA1B	40.3230926886566	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HSPA5	19.2263147545281	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HSPA6	32.6618698439767	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HSPA8	36.8964718321788	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HSPB7	16.3953089860366	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HSPB8	16.7018389077015	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HSPD1	16.7865241647331	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HSPE1	23.5756905947072	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	HTATIP2	27.3979547458759	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ID1	-21.9833050759416	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ID2	-18.4764798537647	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	IDE	18.5766780930742	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	IDI1	15.2490186714525	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	IFI30	-14.6925529193246	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	IFI44	22.1727238715438	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	IGF2	-14.0830324998806	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	IGFL2	29.3153864129609	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	IL1RL1	27.6820835331896	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	IL4R	-17.5474958847614	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	IL6R	29.7259065507048	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	IL7R	59.709020808054	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	INHBA	14.5596886051881	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	INHBB	-14.09531173186	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	INSM1	-14.8688280171083	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	INSM2	-20.2852689124296	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	IQGAP1	15.8044923737852	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	IQGAP3	-25.4674587747608	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	IRF4	-22.2611512509396	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ISYNA1	-16.446759581536	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ITGA2	17.4525465255502	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ITGAM	-17.4797747509122	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ITPKC	29.2889700811457	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	KCNJ4	-16.6536309334701	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	KDR	57.8402849942751	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	KIAA0319	21.1351935766923	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	KIAA0930	16.9891408995535	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	KIF18B	-16.1356526196917	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	KIF21A	13.6745042148819	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	KIF26A	-13.6916348925501	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	KIF2C	-16.1198303324385	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	KL	-15.4509775940355	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	KLF10	-19.7220383354312	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	KLF5	-15.0165085279693	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	KLLN	-22.9554942406165	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	KNL1	-17.0693676919466	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	KRT7	-18.0164759744464	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	L3MBTL3	-20.2905183448054	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	LFNG	-14.1054584679688	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	LGI2	-19.4511975924843	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	LGR5	-19.027905746123	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	LGSN	-23.9467809717073	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	LIMK2	15.165450033233	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	LMCD1	17.0658242752244	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	LMNB1	-15.6695660644976	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	LMOD2	19.1219026592005	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	LONRF3	-21.3272399872167	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	LRRC10	23.4034761473645	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	LRRN1	-15.5200341123534	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	LRRN4	-17.6835133971381	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	LSR	-15.4076095197295	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	LUM	13.8352696431007	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	LURAP1L	17.0515488868444	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MAF	-13.9287418530496	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MAFB	-24.1996638285519	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MAN2B1	49.4468680166494	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MAOB	-17.9026071488345	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MAP1A	46.3915291569236	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MAPK8IP3	15.3945878161611	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MAPRE3	17.4180701165844	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MCM4	-15.0741576172809	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MCM5	-15.9283907065565	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MCOLN3	-17.4855396536796	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MDGA1	-19.7454281543535	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	METTL21C	-17.337461279671	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MFAP3L	-21.8461903860104	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MFSD1	18.2780525231522	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MICALL2	33.5882347264767	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MKI67	-29.1578132442149	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MLLT11	16.7646091540317	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MMP1	30.4296004390168	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MMP10	14.3413213914283	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MMP12	25.0767327773481	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MMP3	34.4143850931066	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MPHOSPH10	22.1600226838618	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MRNIP	14.3634381389252	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MRO	16.3433975179717	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MSRB1	17.9924253213057	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MSS51	-14.1237403738201	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MTFR2	-14.9975419746825	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MUC19	-16.7511512569201	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MYB	-14.0244934716603	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MYBL2	-37.9626948631795	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MYCL	-19.9469714619762	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MYH14	42.4538315075732	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	MYH7	-19.743446437597	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	MYL2	14.152479977335	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	NDRG1	-19.2283353997605	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	NEDD4L	15.6921483142202	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	NEFH	-15.7500784201225	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	NEFL	-17.9206496285048	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	NEFM	25.1662238313843	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	NEK8	-14.2284292487907	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	NEURL1B	-16.8972471230584	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	NHLH2	-23.1543640566852	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	NIT2	13.9165284852724	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	NKPD1	-16.745845831657	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	NOTCH1	-14.1828127981512	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	NOV	-13.631186945192	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	NPC1	43.9039201128474	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	NPLOC4	15.4801315033405	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	NPPC	-14.8295199350494	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	NPTX2	-24.100610220503	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	NQO2	23.3887631390315	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	NRIP3	29.7067331539625	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	NSFL1C	16.4533664583967	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	NTN1	-24.739021823015	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	NUSAP1	-14.20079264349	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	NXPE3	27.7798279732995	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ODC1	19.3143754230493	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	OLFML2A	-16.3405461683743	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	OR2B6	-14.33151851753	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ORC3	17.064408295562	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	OSGIN1	34.5997078144661	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	OSMR	18.6581815079724	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	OVOL1	-19.666054602045	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	OXTR	-17.3714763071075	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	P2RX6	23.9646757719422	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PAIP2B	-14.6867046976707	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PALM3	23.4071184259617	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PAPLN	-13.9764584332737	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PARP4	14.3702984997686	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PAX5	-16.6562500629587	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PAX8	21.8219193930274	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PCDH17	-20.5174486822814	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PCDH19	-17.176338657147	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PCDH20	-14.8794536854925	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PCDH8	-22.7534995061762	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PCYT1B	16.9132088184767	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PDE4C	-16.427987131553	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PDK4	31.7768184831676	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PELO	25.0910838448343	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PES1	16.3729957078977	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PHLDA1	15.5878393541407	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PHTF1	13.8434400004187	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PITHD1	25.2079081734757	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PLAA	18.481330014685	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PLEKHG4	21.4940566735804	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PLPP4	14.2494803626349	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PMEL	-31.8389632567258	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PNCK	-13.6614757930574	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PNLDC1	-13.9984252752128	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	POLG2	-18.3872087015464	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	POLR2A	-15.3533477479529	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	POLR2C	18.7568418164178	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	POMP	19.0638273017217	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	POP1	20.346631253964	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	POPDC2	17.2728889424721	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	POU3F1	-25.5142471143653	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PPP1R14C	-15.9250602922581	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PPP1R1A	-37.9813671598553	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PQLC2	23.946803774576	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PRDX1	20.0672523900449	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PRR11	-16.1920957768175	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PRSS43	-16.4044040064417	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMA1	13.9573843884335	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMA2	15.7198737447443	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMA3	22.0516214709177	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMA4	17.9131295928702	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMA5	33.928678497666	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMA6	15.8367711036005	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMA7	18.2514128008577	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMB2	21.9762882496721	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMB4	25.0706325078397	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMB5	16.9247851956099	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMB7	32.2116879006029	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMC1	14.8597687199601	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMC2	15.714410177166	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMC3	19.0980873356151	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMC4	48.5403318342736	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMC5	23.0391488273017	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMC6	18.9071602857695	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMD1	16.9154005582859	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMD11	14.4060815620827	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMD12	25.7047442410198	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMD13	27.3416076232988	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMD14	53.0703400286997	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMD2	26.5305330392879	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMD3	16.2203665337841	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMD4	15.9813938426492	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMD6	26.3817624820849	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSMD8	18.1565318240387	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PSME4	19.7032240207099	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PTGR1	15.6174832856281	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	PTHLH	-15.2524428760751	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PTPRB	16.9096000071529	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	PTPRN	35.6115484953225	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	RAB5C	13.6889280870107	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	RAB9B	14.4313266329702	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	RAET1E	13.9708692006071	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	RARG	-15.3405903550577	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	RASGEF1B	-16.1600632276333	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	RASL12	-18.8027255536958	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	RBM11	46.178644108187	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	RBP1	-16.9190685418671	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	RGCC	-14.3976887272268	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	RGMA	-16.9567618567366	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	RGS16	-27.4339360756294	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	RHBDD3	17.7914510068608	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	RNF181	13.7301960653928	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	RNF6	19.5078432663825	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	RPS6KC1	16.6185807345088	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	RRM2	-35.6248918808796	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	RRP12	42.5742590415225	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	RUNX1	45.2549968576758	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	RUNX3	-26.0850359401103	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SALL1	-22.4579564033678	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SCPEP1	26.2941668052658	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SDC1	-26.5115450730519	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SEC13	15.9377726008536	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SEC14L5	-15.8743361173182	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SEMA5B	-18.6676226241769	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SERPINB2	53.2350861862586	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SERPINB4	14.6797094102154	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SFMBT2	14.7177605161765	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SFRP5	-24.9138597095104	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SH3BGRL3	28.9712919823571	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SH3TC2	56.4794436408931	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SHC1	16.9269932746676	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SHD	-14.6154366663906	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SHE	-21.7756250331082	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SHISA2	-17.6403321821378	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SIX2	-21.713851192073	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SIX4	-16.8400256480108	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SLC15A2	-13.9954690143324	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SLC16A6	-20.361474632345	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SLC19A2	22.1181151562427	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SLC1A5	35.6954355461619	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SLC2A13	13.7828794730546	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SLC43A2	-14.1777983727877	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SLC44A5	-16.5728314238885	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SLC4A11	-28.0072852659591	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SLC5A1	-19.7080621981321	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SLC7A11	24.0545033281667	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SLC8A1	16.9624663248792	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SLC9A9	23.7999352500376	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SLFN13	-23.7817603987178	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SNAI1	-24.3686828051675	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SNX10	26.0314225333067	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SNX29	23.7750341809289	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SOD1	27.883729522575	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SORD	34.8751839289409	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SOX3	-19.379394294837	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SPART	15.2251760077155	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SPATA13	23.8120941706073	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SPATS2	15.77668064502	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SPHK1	-23.5924578924748	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SPHK2	13.7313403856733	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SPOCD1	14.3219454374257	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SPRED3	-16.8819980082524	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SPRR2D	28.1576268447575	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SPSB1	-16.2009950496671	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SPTLC3	20.4603960883436	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SQOR	16.7113084331562	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SQSTM1	39.6553215301067	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SRL	17.248484719909	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SRPRB	13.8091495278886	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SRXN1	40.5162944327023	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	STC2	22.1920478655137	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	STYK1	17.9890565523315	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SULF2	-19.4682181636751	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SULT1A1	15.8718203059113	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SULT1A2	17.6004386992451	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SULT1B1	19.1384660246946	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	SULT1E1	21.5098978676027	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	SYT12	-16.2975358570355	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TALDO1	15.6387083166142	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TANGO2	30.0697676345836	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TATDN1	19.4462274165993	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TBC1D2	-14.6759284440947	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TBK1	13.5369520178517	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TCAP	-27.7921922954322	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TCF24	-15.8701559675778	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TCHH	-13.5831976163135	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TDRD10	-15.4662309493744	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TEC	14.6117078721563	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TFCP2L1	-20.3015090857399	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TFPI	28.4489821323355	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TGFB1I1	13.7538945318272	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TGFBI	19.256588957371	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TGIF1	16.6132217785417	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	THBS1	16.1619949472065	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TIMP4	27.6735396077974	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TK1	-24.4979978119794	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TLE2	-15.0473934770857	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TLR6	19.0210933851184	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TM2D2	24.960569429104	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TM4SF1	54.2440489868215	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TMC6	-15.4778441322316	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TMEM100	-16.6407349786122	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TMEM158	-16.6900238769035	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TMEM161A	17.6466401664403	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TMEM178A	-13.8753468964635	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TMEM208	16.2880793371307	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TMEM56	-13.6254766492947	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TNC	37.9524385652053	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TNFRSF10C	-19.4648775170937	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TNRC18	-16.5989384618913	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TOP2A	-28.9590616369218	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TP53I11	-16.3797074795155	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TPBG	-19.8230683495445	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TRIM71	-17.4612253444816	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TROAP	-14.1177538925344	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TSPAN11	-26.9514644489522	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TSPAN13	20.7293490841067	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TTC1	18.9129707091492	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TTLL7	15.4997353697424	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TUBA1C	42.7932349456616	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TUBA4A	43.9929009531597	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TUBB2A	14.5583158117031	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TUBB3	-18.4252354794967	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TUBB4A	49.1580036547128	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TXNL1	15.911367022564	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	TXNRD1	19.3623063913995	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	TYMS	-18.1099297471423	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	UBC	39.2526820842829	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	UBXN4	16.306621023715	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	UCHL1	42.3636082681911	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	UFD1	51.9069754830618	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ULBP1	-14.9818677885217	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ULBP2	-16.8062948412921	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	UNC45A	19.5281780389403	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	UNKL	22.9642768733571	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	USP14	14.9496789768425	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	USP5	17.0267322736437	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	VDR	-18.2125435599509	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	VMP1	17.6262830247846	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	VWC2	-13.9662816039863	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	VWCE	-17.7264886178952	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	WHRN	-20.8820234418806	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	XRCC4	17.05052495106	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ZCCHC12	-28.8790703231831	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ZDHHC18	14.1193880444661	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Up	Pink	ZFAND2A	35.0134875505224	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ZNF367	-22.176067580894	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ZNF423	-15.8819229107345	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
bortezomib - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	bortezomib - Down	Pink	ZNF710	-17.5060035394885	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	bortezomib	Non_cardiovascular_drug	BOR	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	AACS	4.10982758672239	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ABCC5	1.23579378129211	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ABLIM3	1.46362147643427	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ABTB2	1.5696082357805	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ACTA1	1.73451321232491	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ADAMTS12	-1.38138734747976	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ADAMTS14	2.225466908278	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ADAMTS5	3.75522044288388	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ADAMTS6	-1.53014907098401	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ADAMTS8	1.93706667187883	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ADAMTSL4	2.68758957574431	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ADAMTSL5	2.95934932467713	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ADGRB2	1.2297870801679	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ADGRD1	1.25726601651326	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ADHFE1	1.73821191695895	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ADORA1	2.34500038804041	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	AHNAK2	12.1143158892271	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ALDH1L1	3.27872854311675	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ALDH3B1	3.06118935211813	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ALS2CL	11.5875685313509	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ANK2	1.46033601288975	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ANLN	-3.63284600788895	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ANP32E	-2.04392689932182	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	AQP1	2.96082327817369	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	AQP10	1.61231668827439	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	AREG	1.75236006491559	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ARF4	-1.1719441381949	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ARHGAP29	1.4724147307572	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ARID5A	1.46083697758116	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ARL5A	-1.62663018753979	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ARL5B	-1.24024431654034	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ARL6IP1	-2.32235810701001	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ARRDC2	1.42553540920126	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ART3	3.25995680661844	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ARVCF	1.39616962816681	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ASPG	2.16228069639746	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ASPM	-4.14812153204731	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ASPN	-1.19775116894653	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ASS1	-1.29567206492726	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ATG4B	1.18757947708771	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ATG9B	1.50942504256518	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ATOH8	1.35212270146002	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ATP1A2	1.45812222711495	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ATP2A2	1.72017323376904	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ATP2B1	-1.37583310405076	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ATP8A1	-1.39586344027884	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	AURKB	-1.2279850344546	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	B3GALT2	-1.1932754665092	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	B4GALNT3	1.46110722283988	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	BARD1	-1.43492343271389	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	BCL2L1	2.10551920973078	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	BCL6	2.8211192508672	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	BCLAF1	-1.43978870852933	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	BGN	-1.55772173775334	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	BHLHE40	1.37991321966922	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	BIRC5	-4.07115983873161	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	BRCA2	-1.60505924707121	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	BRINP3	-1.48640174717131	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	BRIP1	-1.39658771170357	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	BUB1	-3.02380767801253	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	BUB1B	-1.91480258667494	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	C21ORF91	-1.45682716351845	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	C3ORF58	-3.03038855653212	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	C4ORF46	-1.35645982777363	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CADM1	-1.35013187846488	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CAMK2D	-1.3782747906031	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CAPN8	-1.19701598464553	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CASQ1	1.31172525021669	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CBFB	-1.26519943927018	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CBLN2	-2.25874054364887	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CCDC34	-2.34143640508474	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CCDC80	-2.35160314643767	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CCNA2	-3.26196954818154	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CCNB1	-2.61112260017238	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CCNB2	-1.48086827430634	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CCND3	1.80603322648271	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CCNG2	-1.58710764233042	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CD109	1.23340933145009	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CD164	-1.47307354224189	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CD4	1.24669994623494	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CDC20	-1.63434586453977	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CDC25B	1.73124750338896	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CDC42EP3	-1.34656687051414	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CDC6	-1.75773667197894	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CDCA5	-1.26626472781097	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CDCA8	-1.42035573665872	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CDH6	-1.51553355386041	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CDK1	-3.53846241829582	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CDK18	2.45641916787269	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CDK6	-1.20192969285022	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CDKN2C	-1.3281986556683	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CDKN3	-1.69894228834942	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CENPA	-1.81827704239619	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CENPE	-3.28066714358058	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CENPF	-5.33080370904602	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CENPH	-1.66394769322237	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CENPK	-1.305870683638	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CENPU	-2.22640531709471	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CEP55	-2.51110633308585	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CFAP77	4.60093850404611	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CFLAR	2.54633836262476	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CHPF	3.38399595713916	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CIT	-1.34287471157918	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CKAP2	-3.08240576621866	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CKAP2L	-2.14359507121645	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CKB	12.2326671937519	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CKM	41.6157878219865	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CKMT2	2.20801831320258	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CLSPN	-1.40143980639791	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CLU	-1.25532260476771	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CMTM6	-1.69627669073068	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CNOT11	-1.46570808307474	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	COL14A1	-2.0566991497632	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	COL18A1	1.81324827147478	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	COL19A1	-1.28201291164923	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	COL23A1	2.98100952172978	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	COL2A1	-1.22031684174237	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	COL6A3	-1.7227807286209	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	COL7A1	1.70258794648971	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	COQ10A	2.22244555994286	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	COQ8A	3.48199361572639	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CORO6	1.2014037829545	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	COX5B	1.21595896551787	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	COX6A2	2.23461163284566	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	COX7A1	1.33094708820954	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	COX8A	1.47673329170462	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CPNE5	3.14408051727427	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CREB5	-1.56698078587612	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CRIP2	2.43799928073827	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CRYAB	4.41305162793713	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CSPG4	14.0844016980853	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CSRP3	2.64120164901148	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CTDSP1	2.98342223863292	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CTSV	-2.19845901017399	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	CXCL12	-3.97881140303909	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	CYB5R1	3.87063030822027	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	DACT1	-1.27745588157691	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	DAPK2	4.02128867340635	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	DCUN1D1	-1.16334976197835	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	DEK	-1.82406839844132	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	DEPDC1	-4.96217826810353	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	DGKI	-1.19238813198312	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	DHFR	-1.33306858306208	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	DIRAS3	-1.48109797850504	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	DKK3	1.38624380070273	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	DLGAP5	-3.14464131005047	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	DLK2	4.07241840066394	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	DMPK	1.51606202627307	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	DNAJA4	-1.35464026045638	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	DNAJB14	-1.17348893716369	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	DNAJB2	1.19047318039725	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	DNAJB9	-1.508812928096	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	DNAJC5G	1.19899005908862	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	DOK7	1.31950714723769	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	DPP7	20.0037372313869	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	DPY19L4	-1.87327246366338	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	DTL	-1.23594067352238	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	DUSP1	1.85311900292816	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	DUSP13	1.93368977340363	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	E2F1	-1.32536318833033	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ECT2	-2.79892406782754	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	EDA	2.53466488185758	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	EDAR	7.53519224596172	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	EGLN3	3.20476099485733	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ELMOD2	-1.1882480798993	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ELN	-1.31685323201644	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	EML2	1.3683731721304	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ENAH	-1.1917017109012	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ENTPD6	1.51197299302422	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	EPB41L3	-1.21026396076065	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	EPHA7	-1.16395325270012	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	EPN2	1.335906323306	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ERO1A	2.71703700847773	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ETNK1	-1.86143328244739	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	EVA1C	1.84646939159414	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FABP3	1.51326021516358	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FADS3	2.12554308369778	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FAM155B	1.5408821999727	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FAM167A	1.2257575781198	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	FAM198B	-1.34070695513327	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FAM213A	1.76978431635703	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	FAM83D	-2.10709829965469	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	FAM84B	-1.19948616812241	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	FANCI	-1.74805566691868	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	FAT3	-1.21732839532021	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FBLIM1	4.73094552878693	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	FBLN1	-1.17842637115388	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FBXO40	3.36766012756857	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	FBXO43	-1.27921871266854	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	FEM1C	-1.36130415918895	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	FERMT1	-1.98414299381562	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	FGF5	-1.28963002673127	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FHL2	2.39238583197555	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FHOD1	1.1742650539491	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FITM1	1.31428433542085	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FITM2	1.79399884022472	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FKBP5	30.9927515975554	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FLNB	1.36516854799404	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FLNC	2.17737081743	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	FLRT2	-1.56689063220405	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FLYWCH1	1.47208614127155	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	FMR1	-1.28205265988072	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	FOXM1	-2.59587300819606	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	FRMD4B	-1.51571160500064	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	FSTL3	3.87168605799813	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	GABRA2	-1.57904237898776	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	GADD45G	3.52665748095723	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	GALK1	2.16774479814516	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	GALNT17	3.85016702778611	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	GALNT2	2.11458983196674	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	GAS2L3	-1.31231244530867	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	GDPD2	-1.93653398084832	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	GGA2	1.49953292265015	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	GGT2	-1.37404383060451	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	GJA1	-1.65784849686449	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	GLG1	1.19518953639633	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	GLS	-1.19490627063194	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	GMFB	-1.60311444617914	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	GMPR	1.7009731264898	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	GNAQ	-1.38910795327781	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	GNB4	-2.38174176628805	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	GPD1L	8.95946564506844	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	GPNMB	1.7208023540061	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	GPR22	-1.80047807602273	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	GPRIN3	-1.44146597101452	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	GRAMD2A	1.75522684131422	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	GRK5	2.02544644215066	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	GTSE1	-1.70347885329689	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	GUCY1A1	-1.67421851811562	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	GUCY1A2	-3.59821559923391	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	GYS1	1.43561293109215	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	H2AFZ	-1.69099067254901	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	HDAC7	1.23861019322688	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	HELLS	-1.67336450442542	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	HELZ2	1.16658627890819	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	HIF3A	7.08804477109663	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	HINT3	-1.36564741998188	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	HIPK2	3.12649378444629	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	HJURP	-2.23685706745277	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	HMGA2	-1.56463390447018	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	HMGB1	-1.37687979973647	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	HMGB2	-1.88145042224085	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	HMGN1	-1.22880027425832	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	HMMR	-1.92344500410084	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	HPCAL1	1.8504291416858	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	HPCAL4	1.5616094887006	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	HPR	3.13099109651888	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	HRC	2.17588328140908	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	HRK	-1.39716627460096	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	HS6ST1	1.98841863796459	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	HSF1	3.29285949777573	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	HSPB2	2.448945445122	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	HSPB7	1.85191484001482	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	HSPG2	2.48952129965482	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	HTRA3	1.20809011633886	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	HUNK	-1.17842770216126	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	IGF2	27.7112880803887	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	IGFBP3	-2.75194950823941	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	IGFBP4	-1.3424617905615	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	IGFBP5	-1.87613292817026	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	IGSF9B	2.50742898355933	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	INKA2	8.54801304406738	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	INPP4B	-1.40102785227985	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	IQGAP3	-1.72755174652316	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ITGA7	2.14720906554194	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ITGAV	-1.40818908221645	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ITSN2	1.57611868413224	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	IVNS1ABP	-1.23116433795439	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	IZUMO4	1.72048737305627	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	JUN	1.61864580719684	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	KANK1	1.77330727041809	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	KAT2A	1.33926137860111	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KCNQ5	-1.2106625591283	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	KCNT1	1.47085012169563	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KCNV1	-1.19036575633506	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KCTD12	-2.54793785431993	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KIF11	-3.98753974859937	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KIF14	-2.3117123639873	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KIF18A	-1.52914566574028	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KIF18B	-1.52627807375822	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KIF20A	-4.22373546327382	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KIF20B	-1.85173523047274	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KIF23	-2.03850271265291	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KIF2C	-1.60998430100519	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KIF4A	-1.19892805643475	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KITLG	-5.1944070160192	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	KLF10	2.29535719264496	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	KLF15	4.29763599157334	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	KLHL3	2.52227722327927	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KLHL5	-1.26883600068321	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KNL1	-2.92570322870311	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	KPNA2	-2.41263743596143	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	KRBA1	1.44181871848558	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	LARGE1	1.79739662367237	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	LCORL	-1.3703686981699	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	LDHA	1.8069325892297	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	LDHD	2.10165131193664	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	LGI4	1.25473132946937	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	LGR4	-1.6099231909352	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	LIFR	-1.64375253418315	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	LLGL2	1.56071143577421	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	LMCD1	5.97389450201351	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	LMNB1	-1.54234795674647	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	LOC100287036	1.19632471189113	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	LOC100996724	2.75043515505165	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	LOC101928841	2.05623856493971	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	LOC653513	2.71537948633615	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	LPIN3	2.01653430665463	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	LPL	1.66234602923506	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	LRP5	1.92079471658182	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	LYPLA1	-1.55143879804308	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	LYZL4	1.63409341800761	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MAB21L1	-1.76589380348501	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MAD2L1	-1.98975736998461	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MAF	-1.29443671535628	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MAL2	-2.12794296859473	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MAMDC4	1.33636543532139	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MAN1A1	-1.29547832732644	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MAN1B1	1.18596439555528	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MAN2A2	1.26772073078133	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MAOA	41.0365564819224	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MAPK8IP3	1.64203052590172	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MAPT	1.20520290574459	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MARCKS	-5.92447880508278	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MASP1	11.6515155356332	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MATN2	-1.19847417539774	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MAVS	8.42987130563109	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MCM10	-1.24776195887683	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MDFIC	-1.81886895800193	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MDH2	1.28994515593385	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MELK	-1.4603532370855	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MEX3A	-1.75291196032279	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MIB1	-1.65828575281034	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MIB2	1.36432455878895	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MICAL3	1.80950616740581	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MIER1	-1.32832780883409	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MIS18BP1	-2.00626995674644	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MKI67	-4.64119730075755	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MOB1B	-1.8714243010335	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MPP3	2.35322190329001	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MPP5	-1.78659455213716	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MPPED2	-1.21763116734894	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MRC2	1.22359267674623	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MXRA7	1.57310151554451	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MYBL2	-2.16606670938178	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MYH7B	1.4251606051775	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MYL3	3.67245468959258	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MYO15B	2.26217152887237	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MYO9A	1.92884060816532	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MYOM3	4.60692917648027	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MYRF	1.49592915028381	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	MZT1	-2.25104722104109	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	MZT2A	1.66501406127306	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	NAA30	-1.17915376475921	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	NBEAL2	4.38498659860742	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	NCAPG	-2.31509163799115	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	NCAPH	-1.23830988506482	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	NDC80	-1.68957415354386	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	NDRG4	12.5810955184753	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	NPAS2	1.30838829716526	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	NPPA	8.49948788169137	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	NPPB	24.1441852595864	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	NR1D2	-2.22082698892402	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	NT5C1A	1.35389561876794	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	NT5DC2	11.0448972222399	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	NUCKS1	-1.37951165862983	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	NUDT4	-1.30537684127472	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	NUF2	-1.29612460640745	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	NUSAP1	-3.52389141413297	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	OBSCN	1.59306325541729	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	OBSL1	2.62560788804952	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	OLFML3	-1.3105777527988	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	OPCML	-1.32797995733315	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	OSBPL8	-1.70584979286707	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	OXTR	-1.7628532630128	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PACSIN3	1.28174181871428	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PADI2	2.29562109908817	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PALMD	1.260969553467	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PAWR	-1.19169037511637	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PBK	-2.7975312506047	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PCDH17	-1.35425710997553	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PCDH20	-2.02964236667721	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PCGF5	-1.46316706891332	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PCLAF	-1.40875094761768	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PCMTD1	-1.21925898356385	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PCMTD2	-2.04366528843887	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PDE10A	-1.35549046948844	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PDE3A	-1.8995797553134	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PDE4DIP	3.22366840901232	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PDGFD	-1.59161485566449	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PDK4	2.02566680821889	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PDLIM1	1.38080331042377	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PEBP4	2.71783069765575	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PER1	10.4494007470888	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PGAP1	-1.88684823596298	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PGK1	1.53749117466881	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PGRMC2	-2.37394409000545	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PHIP	-1.17808767434433	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PHLDA1	-3.20422919143842	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PHTF2	-1.27375126631747	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PIM1	1.73909004223909	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PITPNC1	2.05170159060841	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PITPNM3	1.84702929580685	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PKD1	1.55001863139919	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PLD2	1.62818866400427	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PLEC	1.21742701399438	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PLIN2	9.36080596027577	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PLIN4	1.25595896209008	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PLIN5	2.4933546257437	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PLK1	-1.76459193070215	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PLN	-1.97089624906783	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PLXNC1	-1.27896347626934	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PMEPA1	1.73274755399883	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PMP22	1.42537457817862	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	POSTN	-1.66143994970851	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PPFIA4	2.00135799644089	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PPL	2.03457756602842	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PPM1K	-1.32292911903372	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PPP1CB	-1.8402320822721	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PPP1R12C	1.38189284441131	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PPP1R3B	1.42751119997534	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PRC1	-1.90398418513758	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PRDM11	1.88248981335879	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PRELID3B	-1.45151160936109	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PRKACB	-1.28539124229333	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PROCR	3.03111952248698	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PROX1	-1.16485410886701	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PRR11	-3.71846457052451	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PRSS35	-1.37712711249653	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PRSS42	1.27111740404559	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PRSS43	1.21749192445727	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PSIP1	-1.58769312630037	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PTPRD	-1.38480178578395	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	PTTG1	-1.79504358056684	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PXYLP1	1.22728946887489	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	PYGM	1.25079520106	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	QSOX1	2.13759251512461	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	RAB21	-1.3286439200907	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	RACGAP1	-2.33813095053621	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	RAD51AP1	-1.24484289674375	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	RAMP1	1.51743574963731	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	RAP1GAP	2.7410459990536	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	RAP1GAP2	1.30316276618514	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	RAP2A	-1.27501190154849	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	RAPGEF4	-2.34555197219496	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	RASD1	2.95685684965468	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	RASD2	1.55649624117266	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	RASSF4	2.17922022608101	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	RDH10	-2.08325918765821	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	REEP3	-1.60520842407264	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	RERE	1.41635769665504	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	RGS5	-2.50626530739615	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	RICTOR	-1.33740971443815	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	RNF11	-1.41854948663309	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	RNF138	-1.22993172380459	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	RNF146	-1.23434992162677	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	RNF165	2.78587417394249	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	RNF217	-1.22537779595975	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ROBO2	-1.30591161139163	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ROGDI	1.92402682071258	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ROR2	3.72416932223022	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	RPRM	-1.67062588580623	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	RPS6KA2	7.13073543361839	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	RRAS	1.3853237472248	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	RRM2	-2.21703137931872	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	S100A10	1.38266370159425	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SCAI	-1.31178119319159	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SCAMP1	-1.43064452599472	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SCARB1	2.98295730741758	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SCOC	-2.0556653338129	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SDK2	1.77556880617743	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SEMA6C	1.28125900305877	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SEPT11	-1.32775382034825	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SESN3	-3.40048766731691	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SGO2	-3.03279381164731	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SH3BGRL	-1.73273112189847	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SH3BP2	1.75717470344711	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SHCBP1	-1.26661169125462	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SIPA1L1	-1.38086153910314	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SKA2	-1.32614200215017	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SKA3	-1.18879057923467	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SKIL	-2.37066255023483	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SLC16A7	-1.25486154898709	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SLC25A4	3.70462692483519	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SLC29A2	1.76661115161303	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SLC2A1	8.21815406784554	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SLC30A3	2.08253973142615	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SLC38A2	-1.69093914271411	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SLC39A14	1.62309470261609	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SLC4A3	2.24226514519108	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SLC6A1	3.61850248594894	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SLC6A4	-3.51231777105037	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SLC6A8	5.07165961556936	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SMC2	-1.74681374962906	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SMC4	-2.21392939278927	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SMIM1	1.5391336532328	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SNTB1	-1.28488638384381	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SORBS1	1.73546381461546	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SORCS3	-1.54455424337728	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SOX11	-1.64453484682232	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SOX4	-1.51014196213518	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SPAG4	2.64277249280137	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SPAG5	-1.51873388069267	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SPCS3	-1.2132476158492	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SPEG	1.31920007003056	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SPIN4	-1.18484159386257	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SPOCK1	-1.24336035012905	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SPON1	-2.37993220483856	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SPOPL	-1.25954183922049	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SRP9	-3.37393546388422	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SRPK3	1.25650269893079	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ST3GAL1	2.77478704062139	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	STARD4	-1.38675964612258	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	STAU1	1.64312954050694	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	STK26	-1.2290185951001	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	STK38L	-3.28030013613104	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	STMN1	-1.2808975521572	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SULT1E1	-2.41675520188287	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SUMO2	-1.62819616257953	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	SV2C	-1.41756828988221	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SYNPO	2.53432266835686	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SYNPO2	3.16055153145529	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	SYT13	1.43878616739575	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TACC3	-1.19389691151183	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TBL1XR1	-1.95828073398583	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TCAP	3.21910312570829	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TECRL	-1.65171589424025	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TENM2	3.13287761508018	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TENT5B	2.1991859382968	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TGM2	1.30458618994215	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	THBS1	-3.72134291970941	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TIA1	-1.19282477975502	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TIMP3	1.90999189830117	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TJAP1	1.82259374540096	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TK1	-1.62203284903129	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TKT	1.18349550801763	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TLE3	1.53681901779668	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TM4SF1	-1.66633150921566	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TMED5	-1.23775997259432	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TMED7	-3.08635586831424	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TMEM106B	-1.93525706808315	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TMEM141	1.42200801311031	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TMEM176B	-1.66314981790461	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TMEM263	-1.7970004883606	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TMEM56	-2.49555146140333	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TMPO	-2.04534067673091	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TMTC3	-1.38317187623095	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TNFRSF19	1.18981075652918	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TNNC1	1.26319697857166	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TNNI3	3.67369783415898	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TNNT3	9.75798179562591	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TNS1	3.34330558353205	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TOP2A	-6.64517290971176	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TP53INP1	-1.38572001817767	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TPCN1	1.19753534067649	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TPCN2	1.1837646408879	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TPX2	-2.75602105341031	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TRIB2	-1.18942129360814	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TRIL	-1.22454732728652	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TRIM54	1.83818476605882	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TRIM59	-1.41599796651753	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TROAP	-1.28707239954202	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TROVE2	-1.61696323236167	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TRPM4	2.4881049980465	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TSC22D3	1.18223678806485	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TSPAN18	1.42232781513444	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TSPAN5	1.21578269045426	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TSPYL2	1.23797441602785	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	TTK	-2.61688064729429	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TTLL12	1.32149294943161	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	TUBE1	2.59454841613887	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	UAP1L1	1.61222253485183	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	UNC13B	1.29427571835279	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	UNC13D	1.19151049334935	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	USP31	1.25171507588023	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	VCAM1	-1.27828053009067	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	VCAN	-2.15807404012183	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	VCL	2.77285275985797	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	VEGFA	1.30796600199676	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	VEPH1	-1.33929159834326	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	VLDLR	-1.24455296474502	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	VSTM2L	1.78383683887185	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	VWCE	6.48425351602432	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	WNT9A	1.41870784293624	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	XIRP1	1.20510072094043	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	XYLT2	3.42843651362919	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	YBX3	1.30019068619223	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ZBTB16	19.7012206765415	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ZBTB41	-1.46615523426608	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ZDHHC2	-1.42320649159932	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ZDHHC20	-1.24405326914313	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ZDHHC21	-1.30255270233127	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ZFPM1	1.67042554333967	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ZMIZ1	2.03691527198223	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ZNF276	1.28594305599034	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ZNF367	-1.44537587174375	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Orange	ZNF438	1.29963296353005	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ZNF711	-1.31474782002946	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ZRANB2	-1.46419620506534	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Orange	ZWINT	-1.32095837601431	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN01	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	AASS	3.41921902771472	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ABCC5	2.16982334956882	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ACE2	-6.66723910002117	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ACTA1	-12.7481008144652	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ACTA2	-9.63192443721794	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ACTB	-3.90693422736143	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ACTG1	-4.19355134228187	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ACTG2	-2.89834368803362	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ACTN1	-2.62122883165068	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ACTN4	-3.04232233844826	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ACVR2B	2.5669424488464	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ADAM12	-5.96602264849054	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ADAM19	-2.28899001327054	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ADAMTS12	-3.33839087919629	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ADAMTS14	2.21536013982456	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ADAMTS2	-2.77251919649788	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ADAMTS5	4.94893299778941	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ADAMTS7	-5.87714483283298	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ADGRA2	-5.46939450359235	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ADHFE1	2.91981659779509	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	AGL	2.91068099076376	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	AGRN	-3.08283222917108	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	AHNAK2	4.02444631556486	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	AIF1L	-3.095703939574	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	AK4	2.09261633253592	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ALB	23.0070390548334	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ALDH1L1	8.95740991505308	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ALDH6A1	2.13985150395105	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ALPK2	2.32748673461597	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	AMOTL1	-4.01289939117517	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ANK2	2.89445401637992	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ANKRD1	-4.73063938738441	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ANKRD33B	-2.7189451499916	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ANKRD63	2.21783883602407	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ANKS1B	-2.10718601335236	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ANLN	-3.98796683066097	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ANXA1	-4.6723137652983	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	APOB	3.80500334351563	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ARHGAP10	2.01918682635246	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ARHGAP29	7.50978974686399	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ARID5A	-2.42058246236905	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ARID5B	-2.11053936043742	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ARPC1B	-2.57643731377649	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ART3	5.92644910715171	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ASNS	-2.40277849975861	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ASPN	-6.89941396190045	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ATF3	-3.49319564057443	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ATP1A2	-3.65902378856362	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ATRNL1	-2.9357189854062	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	AURKB	-2.83888532814347	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	B3GNT2	-2.21546186187104	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	BASP1	-2.98152105210519	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	BAX	-2.8100841334125	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	BCAR3	-2.25382378479956	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	BCAT1	-2.7155803168887	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	BDNF	-2.59657526448774	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	BGN	-12.0425904383598	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	BIRC5	-5.35648333003614	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	BMP4	-2.11052918409573	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	BMP7	2.14381495557363	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	BMPER	-2.48404692496614	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	BNIP3	2.5676974434429	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	BOC	-2.55295685765493	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	BOK	-2.85499923432235	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	BST2	-2.98527452521024	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	BUB1	-4.15951260229162	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	C1R	-3.56667592733423	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	C1S	-2.44635519727984	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	C7	-5.49561695263834	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CACNA2D2	-4.13061056767441	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CASQ1	-3.13681107417169	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CAVIN2	-4.62871234921954	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	CCBE1	3.16517947969464	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CCDC3	-2.71235103136472	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CCDC80	-5.92857884891383	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CCL21	-7.18436407115386	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CCNB1	-2.15044886534151	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	CD109	2.12744230399329	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CD248	-3.82944327634694	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CD44	-2.22213232600576	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CD63	-2.14663754967324	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CDC20	-2.34680683405644	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CDC42EP1	-5.97892135035127	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CDC6	-2.32436482980885	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CDCA3	-3.01833268041885	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CDCA5	-2.63840790682555	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CDCA8	-2.2857750159175	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CDH11	-6.43711301706287	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CDH13	-4.54742824691127	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CDKN1A	-2.11537067119998	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CDKN2B	-3.37513183719718	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	CEBPD	2.19873029504552	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CENPF	-3.67714166637651	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CERCAM	-2.55910998447023	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CFH	-3.53737025491535	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CFI	-2.81076199227956	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	CFLAR	4.18031567063235	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CHAF1A	-2.40852786417608	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	CHRNA1	2.50072998666253	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CIT	-3.68004756295895	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	CKM	18.685454915794	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CKS1B	-2.05323526074112	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CLEC11A	-2.58400634309989	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	CLIC4	2.10051042998235	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CLSTN2	-2.80513007932825	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CLU	-2.06659853910397	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CMKLR1	-2.54260825991453	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CNN1	-4.57108994957379	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CNTN4	-2.22522871772534	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL11A1	-5.71356472801304	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL12A1	-2.69222689075924	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL14A1	-3.24725863753519	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL15A1	-2.77618452631147	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL1A1	-13.3898016943814	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL1A2	-14.4986984238334	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL3A1	-14.1565049779638	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL4A1	-2.42938721866511	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL5A1	-4.10429489693658	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL5A2	-7.30369517774136	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL5A3	-2.44607496324331	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL6A2	-4.93032742268211	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL6A3	-10.4140202309483	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL8A1	-3.12342049275503	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL8A2	-3.30912637654195	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COL9A3	-2.48862049458144	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COLQ	-2.40262788814105	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	COQ10A	3.38143074154317	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	COQ8A	3.75887597426012	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	COTL1	-3.77231120190977	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	COX6A2	3.0586207503966	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CPE	-2.08540121964009	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	CPNE5	2.27996341739642	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CPZ	-4.40559369730704	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CRABP2	-8.90158922433243	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CRB2	-4.37459737742701	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CREB3L1	-3.38203168766751	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	CRIP1	4.04403342289626	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CRISPLD2	-2.61126812958948	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CSPG5	-2.21609682458104	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CSRP1	-3.90318998505332	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CTGF	-9.92904608358014	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CTHRC1	-2.55867653489487	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CXCL12	-5.20241426512085	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	CYFIP2	2.38824204912923	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CYP2J2	-2.07767753759178	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	CYR61	-6.65904275881953	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DAAM2	-3.17011151942322	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	DAB1	6.5513537653996	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DAB2	-2.77266598299066	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DACT1	-2.04416465068851	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DAP	-2.3865179369356	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DBN1	-2.11334197473059	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DCN	-15.5829842463929	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DDAH1	-2.12135813621121	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DDO	-2.11027654895953	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DDR2	-2.12740446133742	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DENND2A	-2.83699684234938	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	DENND3	2.34569451624439	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DGKI	-6.41210453564544	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DKK2	-2.95718536971481	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DLK1	-18.4418361389518	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DNAJB5	-2.15818352527041	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	DNAJC5G	3.5679069930285	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DOCK11	-3.10612774686129	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DOK4	-4.87212655203387	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DPP4	-3.01709138144383	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	DPP7	6.37364609297387	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DPYSL3	-2.23671204056641	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DRP2	-3.66426551589278	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	DSP	2.06876753452781	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DTX4	-2.44741414320643	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	DUSP6	-4.21711340574427	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	E2F1	-2.39666680154459	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	E2F7	-2.13874641911337	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	EDA	3.54046327213391	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	EDAR	2.09084504846872	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EDIL3	-3.79234040676007	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EDN1	-3.42696594791917	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	EEF2K	2.17323116200698	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EFEMP1	-6.97011929866323	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EFHD1	-5.32609284332145	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EGR1	-5.59761044701567	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EGR2	-2.22824509111155	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EHBP1L1	-2.27861184156936	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EHD2	-5.00230571375467	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ELF3	-2.03344528279946	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ELF4	-3.25378688751932	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ELN	-11.4522144329413	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EMILIN1	-11.5335511908824	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EMP1	-2.80545365700111	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ENC1	-3.59723928545918	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ENG	-2.63263040444975	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ENOSF1	2.89179798056688	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EPAS1	-3.96598231602475	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EPB41L2	-2.22927033926623	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EPHA2	-4.70517688440344	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	EPHB1	3.59423070784782	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EPHB2	-4.51407511574339	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EPHB3	-2.71958589424345	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	EPN3	2.7301780526129	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ERO1A	3.80989579576818	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ETV5	-8.49705942706962	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EXTL1	-3.43455437866413	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	EYA4	-2.83577182509492	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	F2R	-3.16149716406906	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	F2RL2	-2.52062151002679	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	FAM124A	4.1744184892127	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	FAM162A	2.14701153957837	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FAM43A	-2.3257034345996	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FAM83D	-2.14634392350749	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FAM84B	-2.19425575539694	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FANCI	-2.02436518311419	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FAT3	-5.46378940684688	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	FBLIM1	4.18082450024962	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FBLN1	-7.0196249453236	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FBLN2	-11.0884768898245	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FBLN5	-6.52183058221004	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FBN1	-4.638362103361	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FEN1	-2.04566123337936	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FHL1	-3.2278604960712	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	FHL2	2.9804040450575	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	FIGN	3.61796751950228	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FILIP1L	-3.416398262169	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FKBP10	-4.11871242912645	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	FKBP5	19.2648739412613	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FLRT2	-2.48150195074457	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FMOD	-7.433834860618	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FN1	-4.80573721869997	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FRZB	-4.50050899470143	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FSCN1	-3.52210600437333	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FSTL3	-2.93502369295487	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FTL	-2.86378925637298	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FXYD5	-3.02242090804631	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	FZD7	-3.79521652111337	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	G0S2	-3.49501936885725	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	GALK1	4.41266829741029	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	GDF6	-4.87841931269508	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	GJA5	2.96346562418876	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	GMPR	3.17044156937083	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	GNAO1	-2.3164624821431	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	GPC3	-8.76144681938872	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	GPD1L	6.11333874487641	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	GPX3	-3.30404284098495	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	GTSE1	-2.75020358351457	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	H2AFX	-2.44448761654377	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	HAPLN3	-3.52033553897922	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	HBEGF	-5.62956944280302	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	HEY2	6.53744693749292	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	HGF	-3.07490421278498	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	HIC1	-2.83194760783553	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	HIF3A	10.7344793573816	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	HIPK2	3.60210194595002	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	HLA-C	-2.38329454589095	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	HMCN1	-2.64149021448211	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	HOOK2	-3.15178169955155	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	HPR	2.63435200050475	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	HRK	-2.31335102523591	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	HSPA2	-2.86226268031399	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	HSPB3	2.42712220211535	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	HTRA3	-4.38610282876137	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ID1	-2.47586149486222	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ID3	-6.00744988601358	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	IER5	-2.07751493957751	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	IFITM3	-3.40391929076714	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	IGDCC4	-2.63096924203836	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	IGF1	-3.92601013605582	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	IGF2	18.6794736993997	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	IGFBP2	-3.3711976690993	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	IGFBP3	-3.48206331942218	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	IGFBP7	-3.80153327889029	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	IL1R1	-3.18191102892627	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	INF2	-2.84752688245777	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	INKA2	7.01064302505771	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	IP6K3	3.39848007841143	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	IQGAP3	-4.15559169134898	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	IRX4	3.86837266353452	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ISG15	-3.40006955067894	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ISLR	-12.0458206535103	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ITGA1	-2.25144734641163	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ITGA10	-3.14480640422237	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ITGA11	-6.06296495215257	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ITGB5	-2.31206092956175	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ITSN2	7.48957136424683	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	JAG1	-2.89759596776198	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	JUNB	-3.06812530777638	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KCNC4	-2.61608546772681	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KCNE4	-2.29780880624057	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KCNK3	-2.18101809918936	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KCNK6	-2.055254515714	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KCNMB1	-2.96015623361077	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	KCNQ5	2.90582786092075	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KCTD17	-4.67136242817992	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	KCTD9	2.04066456912116	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	KDM4C	2.46887676659549	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KIF14	-2.13159627316981	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KIF18B	-2.9545910084732	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KIF20A	-4.50080110386722	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KIF22	-2.48179146875266	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KIF2C	-2.82149251935888	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KIF4A	-3.01653978455869	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KIT	-3.31598726911652	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	KLF15	5.34482453225351	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	KLF9	4.04736122136805	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KPNA2	-2.81545093379281	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	KRT19	3.50846356907379	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	KRT80	-3.14052028353503	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	KY	6.01758887948048	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	LARGE1	2.11759845037002	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	LASP1	-2.09445271986963	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	LDHD	3.99677605178505	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	LFNG	-3.22395447230989	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	LGALS1	-8.62218830137159	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	LGI2	-3.82879035338308	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	LIG1	-2.31204553931534	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	LIMA1	-3.78591928049801	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	LMOD1	-2.43576592448458	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	LOC100996724	2.25386962056901	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	LOC101930307	3.74344506229627	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	LOX	-4.82410965608654	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	LOXL2	-2.51695304261061	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	LRIG2	3.25378881267978	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	LRRC17	-2.79317139737792	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	LRRC32	-4.10058059443439	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	LRRC8A	-2.09452570402586	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	LTBP2	-3.88419042906889	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	LUM	-15.4423647539887	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MAB21L2	-2.05060560622475	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MAMLD1	-2.12675437619099	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	MAOA	15.2936955935581	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MAP3K7CL	-2.3906606287744	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MARCH4	-2.84042118923127	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	MAVS	7.15237702815832	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	MCCC2	2.48410573144461	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MCM7	-3.19475063583507	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MELK	-2.8925619648645	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MEST	-3.42455550562949	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MFAP2	-2.16788983980605	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	MGAT4C	4.13655788467734	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MGP	-8.62413438015312	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MKI67	-3.11351016034177	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MME	-2.90546253231054	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MMP14	-6.58037653246617	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MMP2	-12.9418087789984	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MN1	-6.89257341244388	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MRC2	-9.13514738116314	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MSS51	-2.69391495852234	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MTHFD2	-3.70087099999463	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MXRA5	-9.23718011041052	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MXRA8	-3.50813381768323	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MYBL2	-5.20994040495516	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	MYH8	3.75505405275693	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	MYL1	2.59884187039836	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MYL12A	-2.97462896024245	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MYLK	-4.13911448006055	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	MYO9A	3.50235197218891	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	MYOM2	-2.1565246335363	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	N4BP3	2.28642524779025	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	NAMPT	2.97997168030881	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NANOS1	-3.54086503089539	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	NBEAL2	2.65164423728254	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	NDRG4	5.86352493765531	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	NEB	5.43918876359495	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	NECTIN1	2.89875717299387	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NES	-5.27244330323822	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NEURL1B	-2.17298637924957	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NGFR	-2.58645095713508	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NIPAL4	-3.44045289228113	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NMRK2	-2.67019068284664	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NNMT	-4.25957704472343	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NOTCH3	-7.01409498193057	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NPAS4	-2.05906195160899	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NPPA	-5.47315794638682	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NPPB	-3.46611975317035	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NR4A1	-4.70892449424862	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	NT5DC2	2.12602402872377	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NTM	-2.49198598648853	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NTN4	-2.13486782992685	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NUPR1	-4.1182461216024	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	NUSAP1	-3.10516338576078	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	OAF	-2.25427059541525	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	OAS3	-2.61767271495409	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	OBSL1	2.07424423815201	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	OGN	-6.7414822163992	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	OPRK1	2.47195394201786	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	OSBP2	2.08449782300302	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	P3H1	-2.91706766256167	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	P3H3	-2.88651134888698	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	P3H4	-2.07824219278121	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	P4HA2	-2.24145034183154	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PACRG	2.9972841045846	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PAIP2B	5.75157622591115	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PAK3	-2.17124902141302	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PAPLN	3.80338719716937	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PARP10	-2.42377648902606	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PCDH10	-3.75881930178426	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PCDH18	-2.12018920930136	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PCK2	-2.1025179919534	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PCOLCE	-3.03644987909105	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PDE3A	-2.74144353677987	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PDGFB	-2.22205089165551	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PDGFRA	-8.64066699962583	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PDGFRB	-5.26402335925062	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PDK1	2.15372911416187	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PDK4	3.81372733332033	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PDLIM3	-6.23670856012394	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PDLIM7	-2.39828170474055	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PDZD2	2.55402170487861	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PEG10	9.28898734761277	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PENK	-2.15000074884827	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PER1	5.97473217334855	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PGR	-2.78311288015533	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PHLDA1	-5.560380585489	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PIEZO1	-3.17440043044555	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PIEZO2	-6.82893525556017	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PITPNC1	3.00380215212381	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PITPNM1	-3.72704317529644	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PITX2	-3.62097589471875	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PKIG	-2.74041653421939	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PLAT	-10.3961960945919	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PLEKHM3	2.04680369560811	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PLIN2	5.42171873806255	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PLIN5	4.74858159811858	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PLK1	-2.52099724108638	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PLK2	-4.46838605935515	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PLS3	-3.0045871317387	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PLXNC1	-2.03216297431882	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	POC1A	-2.39771972765308	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	POSTN	-5.87727181297925	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PPP1R12B	2.38312507222055	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PPP1R14A	-3.07721781356884	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PPP1R3B	6.64701668146299	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PRC1	-2.83082509489504	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PRR11	-3.73322672287856	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PRR16	-2.03526412948716	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PRRX1	-3.80327392739675	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PRSS12	-3.75124077824265	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PRSS23	-4.59357348696614	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	PSD3	2.51595371695139	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PTBP1	-2.33150953679215	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PTGES	-2.45097930019204	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PTGFR	-2.05443268415656	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PTGIR	-2.69475211011633	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PTGIS	-5.33413524162748	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PTN	-4.60826755651573	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PTPRT	-2.04864551619353	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PTTG1	-3.16631528821459	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PTX3	-5.24404955744793	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PXDN	-3.07396646376932	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	PXDNL	-2.55861115947386	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RAB15	-2.29447994115837	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RAB31	-2.52160852442082	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	RASD1	6.24975214926222	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RASL10B	-2.14089852102771	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RASL11B	-3.79845883131897	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	RASSF4	2.19824860646793	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RBP1	-3.36861569631087	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RCN1	-2.83766432607666	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RCN3	-2.94811119610149	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RECQL4	-2.98466127469247	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RELN	-3.93496804862138	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RERG	-2.01132514089082	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RGS4	-2.14681122747413	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	RHOQ	4.31670190235437	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RIMS4	-2.42920866056755	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RND3	-2.16232421215915	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	RNF150	2.87714157365126	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	RPS6KA2	2.82513927508182	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RRAS	-2.77774962139175	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RRBP1	-5.17142731836115	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RRM2	-3.70920839389531	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	RSRP1	2.00729008961992	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	RUNX1	-4.28094808795592	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	RUNX1T1	2.84319924011923	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	RYR1	2.8227318349967	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	RYR2	2.97253044094724	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	S100A10	-2.27366673208198	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	S100A11	-3.92028611863765	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	S100A6	-2.68182943317432	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	S1PR3	2.74164597498901	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SAT1	-2.61261007697793	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	SCN5A	2.71741984442363	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SDC1	-2.05767543627507	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SEL1L3	-2.45252740763971	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SELENOM	-2.21736745412067	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	SEMA6D	3.14306123653273	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SERPINE1	-8.75182692171211	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SERPINE2	-6.51687771806271	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SERPINF1	-2.86174246657181	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SERPING1	-5.94415441021323	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SERPINH1	-3.40990678131339	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SEZ6L2	-3.55712189512922	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SFRP1	-2.52932763476601	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SFRP2	-7.58571212811773	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SGK1	-3.05893700325098	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SHCBP1	-2.33809549939447	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SHMT2	-2.59893589775841	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SLC1A5	-3.69007322420125	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC2A1	4.52222736381937	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC30A3	3.06284338631878	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC35D1	2.11920098327364	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SLC38A2	-2.21361079148251	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	SLC5A1	2.38877230577656	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SLC6A4	-2.84462978850265	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SLC6A6	-2.04688141237805	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SLC7A5	-3.30459731126165	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SLIT2	-2.74103368655022	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SMOC2	-5.04080718724963	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SMTN	-2.02733202728683	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SOD3	-6.0240100368406	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	SORBS1	2.01668946545251	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	SORCS1	7.07370442022127	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	SOS1	3.57137785702878	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SOX9	-3.78312216897754	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	SPAG4	2.59317735311181	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SPAG5	-2.15481154254512	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SPARC	-10.9536699838837	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SPC24	-2.23273951564455	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SPECC1	-3.60245495813804	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SPINT2	-2.91875586137335	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SPOCK1	-4.36864899704831	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SPON1	-8.94914860337568	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SPON2	-3.38363333152208	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SPRY4	-9.60475362055455	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ST6GAL2	-3.98571912120594	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	STAT4	-2.32667414880016	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	STK38L	-3.14901106193566	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SULF1	-4.30847011307974	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SULF2	-7.23385508657506	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SULT1E1	-12.7718481836517	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SV2C	-2.45623974718548	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SVEP1	-2.58542489028226	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	SYNPO	-2.16164086623624	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	SYT13	15.0200810872725	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TACC3	-2.70554990834244	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TAGLN	-7.3263654708328	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TAGLN2	-5.92723374288209	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	TBX20	3.69164815608158	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TCF7L1	-2.12856625031897	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TENM3	-3.34660304214799	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TGFB2	-4.8321883252497	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TGFB3	-2.11839992152801	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TGFBI	-5.92757977711566	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	TGFBR2	2.64722774833795	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	THBD	-2.42071229729428	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	THBS1	-3.73792285640517	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	THBS2	-7.78273194403648	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	THBS4	-2.94375903052039	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	THY1	-6.16840827935217	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TIMP1	-7.62813732922454	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TIMP2	-2.54489552218084	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TINAGL1	-3.64080429481602	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TK1	-3.69263463630422	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TMED3	-2.02494532007191	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TMEM132A	-3.10287538735041	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TMEM200B	-2.6072875318328	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TMEM63C	-2.10270306220943	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	TMEM65	3.15222298115765	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TMSB15A	-2.41772489216332	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TMSB4X	-4.49566132704722	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TNC	-2.90342975389218	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TNFRSF11B	-2.38596412600972	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TNFRSF12A	-3.17547017893507	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TNFRSF21	-3.35236679761848	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TNK2	-2.44351460101337	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TNMD	-5.53007977409838	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TNNT1	-2.70683869245291	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	TNNT3	5.80115619573049	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	TNS2	2.48580488858143	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	TOB2	3.77402723933974	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TOP2A	-5.14269644453882	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	TPCN2	2.21699521807462	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TPM4	-3.7302706456423	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TPX2	-3.07054772325368	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TRIB1	-3.22954260469574	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TRIB3	-3.46227547734026	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	TRIM54	2.4061922720455	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TRPC4	-2.11116703127042	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	TTN	2.055749805229	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TUBA1C	-2.9042349092264	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	TUBA3D	2.26397495955947	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TWIST1	-2.37609821548837	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	TYMS	-2.2327593246796	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	UBE2C	-2.29661659818058	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	UCHL1	-6.14344945149386	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	UNC5B	-3.11144521678127	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	USP31	3.00169274087877	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	UTRN	2.00626446141603	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	VAMP5	-2.01519350701475	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	VASH1	-2.37811722213293	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	VLDLR	-2.16813443486088	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	VSNL1	-2.22886940170776	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	WARS	-2.50672960499397	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	WDR62	-3.14237272154138	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	WISP1	-3.11417142947975	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	WNK1	2.23055760162991	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	WNT9A	2.42777494859376	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	XIRP2	-9.88477492776516	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	DodgerBlue	ZBTB16	19.3589134276605	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ZNF469	-2.19367270751084	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02 - outlier response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	DodgerBlue	ZWINT	-2.29669692246662	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN02	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	outlier response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	AACS	2.77446809178043	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ABAT	3.13040449157676	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ABCC9	-2.13471577941498	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ABLIM3	2.61669680158056	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ABTB2	1.23741905654305	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ACE2	-1.25262696417938	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ADA2	-1.4853654102774	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ADAM12	-2.61638100783919	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ADAMTS2	1.37766074655635	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ADAMTSL4	1.43964807842574	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ADHFE1	1.63664022401736	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ADORA1	1.70129914767432	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	AGL	1.76633473941732	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	AHNAK2	13.7303050337394	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	AIFM1	1.31708387623724	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ALAS2	2.78103565372869	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ALDH1L1	9.9017913144299	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ALDH3B1	1.64764724962933	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ALDH4A1	2.13569287454317	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ALS2CL	6.37352811567829	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	AMOTL1	-1.29943455405053	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ANGPTL1	1.84504663334905	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ANGPTL2	-2.45477146010029	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ANK2	1.3117833803746	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ANKRD2	5.10841739616657	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ANKRD63	-1.30848099021611	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ANKS1B	-1.33585285145667	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ANLN	-2.27472734253978	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	APOA1	1.35814332358708	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	AQP1	1.9064404812924	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	AQP10	5.96053332371966	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ARHGAP10	1.94569369160552	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ARHGAP29	4.52901003082184	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ARHGEF9	2.38034052273994	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ARID5A	-1.9401927748731	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ARL6IP1	-1.22974832087333	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ART3	11.4360846647697	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ASPG	3.52173715982859	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ASPM	-2.5530240160107	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ASPN	-5.00636939367851	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ASS1	1.73424632796529	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ATAD2	-1.35136074763551	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ATF7IP2	-1.405624787141	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ATG9B	1.27393887319	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ATP1A2	-1.82271747832145	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ATP1A3	1.52315372750608	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ATP5F1D	1.51010207717157	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ATP5MC1	1.46443669557612	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ATP7B	1.22431894849867	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	AXIN2	2.52143400172107	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	BAIAP3	1.24269918089392	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	BCL2L1	1.75238455340206	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	BGN	-1.84097676649524	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	BIK	-1.24038429063562	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	BIRC5	-2.05948907826362	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	BMP7	1.42422674001962	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	BRCA2	-1.3608868613391	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	BUB1	-1.53700844721379	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	BUB1B	-1.35257191783365	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	C1ORF105	2.04993317911193	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	C1QC	1.82810207331064	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	C1QL1	-1.87952027799619	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	C21ORF91	-1.37980760480128	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	C3	2.77902432456376	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	C3ORF58	-1.234081608639	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CACNA1B	1.37037874772847	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CACNA1H	3.37925055559445	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CACNA2D3	1.27134328285042	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CAVIN2	-3.07283268841426	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CBFB	-1.49778313354154	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CBSL	1.38409029426632	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CCDC34	-1.46571739017297	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CCDC80	-1.63204589847588	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CCL21	-8.23352786834922	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CCNA2	-2.14320269174367	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CCNB1	-1.81540514882784	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CCND3	1.55593452564096	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CCP110	-1.21501566410175	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CD109	1.8390912639815	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CD44	-1.3274036867024	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CD47	-2.27519691876946	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CDC20	-1.25197117086357	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CDC42EP3	-1.86034548429024	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CDC6	-1.27407441244749	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CDH8	-2.01881621738983	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CDK1	-3.04255239531196	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CDK2AP1	-1.79030765506918	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CDKL5	1.22570272774288	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CDKN2B	-2.11460649881888	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CEMIP	-3.59357611732552	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CENPE	-2.49716278118851	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CENPF	-2.47683948224328	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CENPH	-1.45106655064738	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CENPK	-1.36023296735183	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CENPU	-2.38414902549604	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CEP55	-2.2347593415258	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CFAP77	7.13236220394277	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CFLAR	4.24851718193246	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CHCHD2	4.93386981695369	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CHI3L1	-1.35543245609171	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CHPF	1.87222079380538	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CIP2A	-1.34343670928109	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CIT	-1.73587148460355	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CKAP2	-1.64733725187811	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CKAP2L	-1.94693389210488	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CKB	5.39491373126496	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CKM	31.8091005828377	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CKMT2	1.56815095971548	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CLU	-2.74021495076666	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	COL14A1	-3.37277926327177	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	COL15A1	-1.44302532884414	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	COL18A1	1.6862864936734	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	COL1A2	-1.347772237324	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	COL2A1	1.30398917329241	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	COL6A6	-10.9698778358371	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	COL7A1	1.44592649540328	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	COQ10A	2.81921863956414	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	COQ8A	1.3528556258638	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CORIN	-1.30241153363801	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CORO2B	1.91486726995656	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	COX5B	1.22109263356657	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	COX6A1	1.23032870046769	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	COX6A2	1.35796750265228	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	COX7A1	1.32288235089015	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CPAMD8	1.32844191676268	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CREB5	-2.0544552414104	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CRIP1	1.37126522656861	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CRIP2	1.72289290235349	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CRISPLD2	4.56585471914971	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CRMP1	1.58578108791233	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CRYAA	1.79721922579052	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CRYAB	2.30824960548535	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CRYBB1	1.40097771766606	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CRYBB3	1.2489248886834	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CSDC2	1.75306289214148	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CSPG4	2.31980785907727	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CTDSP1	1.7631314018413	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CTGF	-1.36176011362641	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CTNNA1	1.20555475532324	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CXCL12	-2.91136376674932	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	CXCR4	-1.36030252460338	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CYB5R1	3.35461403142028	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CYC1	1.25173904011523	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	CYP2E1	1.23161980962245	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	DAB1	1.72915036578075	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	DCN	-2.71790745045016	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	DDIT4	1.72544872185973	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	DEK	-1.2927219492337	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	DENND3	1.49201746125892	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	DEPDC1	-5.56786580750283	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	DGAT2	2.62043875446288	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	DGKI	-3.00709591763349	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	DHCR7	1.44224211898615	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	DHRS3	1.49967071996663	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	DHTKD1	1.32949602546361	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	DIO3	-1.64148472301418	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	DIRAS3	-1.48501723770231	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	DKK1	-1.36525189790877	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	DKK3	1.64221978586083	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	DLGAP5	-1.77945361285296	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	DLK1	-2.99959248274364	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	DLK2	2.02539683426976	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	DNAJA4	-1.55073033585639	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	DPP7	18.6851758624845	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	DPYSL4	1.8222891004489	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	DSC2	1.28689537308137	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	DTL	-1.31254431116936	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	DTWD1	-1.27975053910182	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	E2F7	-1.98110301062352	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	EBF2	-1.59523680330487	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ECT2	-2.98985900328321	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	EDA	3.36530561381994	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	EDAR	8.92888205149531	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	EDEM2	1.24064609000166	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	EDN3	2.56784764329837	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	EGR3	-1.58980574013832	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ELF3	-1.21213405414921	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ELN	1.63763083248988	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	EMILIN1	-2.76582628157227	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	EMP2	1.32190570094291	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ERBB3	-3.16592144271677	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ERO1A	4.66762871117077	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ESCO2	-1.5502734622504	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ESPL1	-1.3933507055882	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ETFB	1.38515801731041	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ETNK1	-1.24225002339788	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ETV5	-1.75000496917647	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	EVA1C	1.80515827230662	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	EXOG	1.60627845371704	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	EYA4	-1.46427631275821	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	FABP3	1.31605183925851	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	FAM102B	-1.49259677155739	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	FAM107A	2.12161810032518	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	FAM111B	-2.34516670030788	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	FAM155B	3.26255267798525	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	FAM167A	1.49551648037921	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	FAM213A	1.70634685746212	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	FAM83D	-1.90887025053392	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	FANCI	-1.21222658596033	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	FBLIM1	2.36926869605461	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	FBXO32	-1.63693221890147	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	FBXO43	-1.23056339934871	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	FEM1C	-2.29130169423982	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	FEN1	-1.28457681747495	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	FGF10	1.39831239726846	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	FGF5	-1.46647927936059	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	FJX1	3.39794080563472	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	FKBP5	36.9047021002245	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	FOXM1	-2.94767342020164	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	FREM1	2.15672241333062	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	FRMD6	-1.56833738302004	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	FSTL3	1.66410848131254	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	G0S2	-1.47311433982319	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	GABRA4	-2.85346174816546	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	GALK1	4.53062600719132	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	GALNT17	5.23926406338985	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	GALNT2	2.0453391442519	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	GAS2L3	-1.78423733187452	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	GFRA2	1.23047482923518	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	GGA2	2.07046457967344	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	GGT7	1.42748250338364	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	GINS1	-1.57934568925643	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	GMFB	-1.40324744653683	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	GMPR	2.12404488470517	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	GNB4	-1.34483420530597	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	GNG2	-2.04285781579876	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	GOT1	1.54193306754318	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	GPD1L	8.11568645588651	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	GPR156	-1.41568697581763	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	GPR17	4.00929240635914	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	GPR22	-2.6825682726491	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	GPR37	-1.3957259646454	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	GRHPR	1.47562009297724	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	GRK5	1.96233223175673	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	GTSE1	-1.97024952755959	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	GYG2	2.13272772433579	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	H2AFZ	-1.48983377653645	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	HECA	-1.3314753814107	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	HECTD2	-1.49676016340787	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	HELLS	-1.42005805761575	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	HERC5	-1.59769455576091	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	HEYL	1.63533314603508	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	HIF3A	10.5538406967731	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	HIPK2	2.1775463782818	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	HIST1H2AE	-1.33029863204268	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	HJURP	-1.44294315429558	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	HLA-A	1.92364877973479	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	HMGB2	-2.23515981600912	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	HNMT	-1.48499202674695	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	HOGA1	1.44954248943108	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	HOPX	2.30873356462606	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	HPCAL1	1.35089324368967	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	HPCAL4	6.35258865948756	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	HPR	3.20935525713428	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	HRC	1.91919239304543	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	HSF1	1.9227851503213	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	HSPG2	1.73295107040517	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	HTRA1	1.26967836102412	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	HTRA3	-2.0237668890936	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	HUNK	-2.15879814774968	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	IDH2	1.34979613547296	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	IGF2	6.56665501671128	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	IGFN1	-1.2710703613028	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	IL17RD	-2.53270358338735	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	IL18R1	1.69170112625905	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	IL31RA	-2.30129929509031	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	INCENP	-1.4318721218829	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	INHBA	-1.7409933124109	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	INKA2	14.4634418639731	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	INPP4B	-1.62406160715883	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	IP6K3	2.51337660208513	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	IQGAP3	-1.40070176377078	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	IRF8	4.09781396707981	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ISLR	-4.43464462384835	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ITGA8	-2.17975405808609	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ITGB8	-1.93815092580102	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ITLN1	1.87453619564169	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ITSN2	1.43143347232738	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	JADE1	-1.30790226566121	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	JAG1	-1.266200383479	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	KANK1	1.70693741903861	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	KCNJ12	1.85681147506854	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	KCNK6	-1.50065894275979	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	KCNS2	-1.44598321085619	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	KCNV1	-3.085857643181	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	KCTD12	-4.0304877084704	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	KIF11	-2.5607359475992	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	KIF14	-2.53650247429052	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	KIF18B	-1.28410416889904	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	KIF20A	-2.59677298425539	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	KIF20B	-2.27502855479374	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	KIF23	-1.83664090684678	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	KIF4A	-1.69905673049611	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	KITLG	-2.90419105344954	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	KLF15	4.01769466727116	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	KLF5	-1.25419740690247	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	KLF9	2.69820035019676	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	KLHL13	3.03049249026507	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	KLHL3	2.04247551066115	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	KNL1	-3.00259615300928	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	KREMEN1	1.27873103686098	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	KRT17	1.32220064047614	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	LAMA1	1.28268540547224	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	LCOR	-1.41888508254845	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	LDB2	-1.76247835997202	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	LDHD	2.18633568610203	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	LDLR	1.5149166986088	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	LGI2	1.37816265233915	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	LIFR	-1.41931989774301	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	LMCD1	2.52963662545895	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	LMNB1	-1.76030807577051	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	LOC100996724	1.78841997573907	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	LOC105379282	1.34896241532182	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	LOC653513	1.92605583575563	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	LOX	-1.36292154986643	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	LRRC10	-1.43812842673298	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	LRRC7	-1.64312416399666	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	LRRN3	-1.2690379297715	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	LUM	-5.25461005523456	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	LUZP2	-1.50606188814726	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	MAD2L1	-2.11268911533571	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MAN1B1	1.35004810968135	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MAOA	27.4700744637908	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MAP1LC3A	1.21351088360442	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	MAP3K7CL	-1.84001561225657	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	MARCKS	-4.08148962483851	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MASP1	2.73186146523745	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MAVS	3.86040932731529	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	MDFIC	-2.13556276709303	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MDH2	1.97322305370076	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	MELK	-1.24638875706853	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	MFAP4	-1.24473123031389	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	MIS18BP1	-1.51592686522375	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	MKI67	-2.89893291637406	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MPP3	1.58562430680073	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MRPL41	1.94873858705527	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MVD	1.54316274507476	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	MX1	-2.20067545529607	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	MXRA5	-3.12219333988379	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MXRA7	2.49772442307736	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	MYBL1	-1.67817371386261	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	MYBL2	-1.72508057047289	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MYH6	1.41575394817712	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MYL3	1.25835148089246	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MYL7	1.28049282394927	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MYO7B	1.37246814247733	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MYO9A	1.31023143081832	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	MYOM1	1.33005415124776	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	MZT1	-1.7816891251524	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	N4BP3	2.34579572406622	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	NANOS1	-1.83619051913088	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	NBEAL2	3.31330344042295	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	NCAM1	1.74750142174158	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	NCAPG	-1.50842184989287	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	NCAPH	-1.26374329096215	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	NDC80	-1.50848293468507	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	NDRG4	5.55608263126986	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	NDUFB8	2.05791985605798	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	NDUFS5	1.29909589961072	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	NDUFV1	1.36858842287683	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	NEDD9	2.16684764149313	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	NEFL	1.68982935401694	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	NIPSNAP1	1.30544254407614	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	NPPA	4.9337122744923	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	NPPB	9.50802754375569	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	NR1D2	-3.30671598761092	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	NR3C2	-1.96350216205278	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	NRAP	-1.61982385763014	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	NT5DC2	3.82398430463697	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	NUF2	-1.3612551061655	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	NUSAP1	-3.32134839322941	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	OBSL1	1.24495434474615	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ODC1	1.52570804992409	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	OGN	-7.24339004828937	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	OSBP2	1.28622708046767	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	OTUD1	-1.864818013413	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PAK3	-1.90322222589348	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PARM1	1.3799249493228	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PARP14	-1.76021404874249	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PBK	-2.81142230233476	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PCDH10	-1.35948399320327	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PCDH18	-1.33450593725815	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PCDH20	-1.3411154483834	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PCLAF	-1.38367676420679	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PCMTD2	-1.60125187243582	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PCNA	-1.23411904246913	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PCOLCE	-1.63635613640375	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PCYT2	1.40434928815715	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PDE10A	-2.60446158154897	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PDE1C	-2.10566527114838	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PDE3A	-2.20805466613356	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PDE4DIP	1.55522745166299	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PDHA1	1.94799050004815	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PDK4	4.4358385495463	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PEBP4	1.66496803337432	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PER1	13.4184405289049	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PER3	-2.91407055529361	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PFKM	1.23854784689329	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PGR	-1.52265079138418	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PHIP	-1.36859005408456	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PHLDA1	-4.2453107930364	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PI15	-1.20883393788229	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PIEZO2	-1.2949084845208	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PIM1	1.922963692121	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PITPNC1	3.237759098547	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PITPNM3	4.0086304581316	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PKHD1L1	1.95279042980581	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PLAT	-3.03053028224945	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PLCL2	-1.74213197840197	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PLIN2	6.21908664903126	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PLIN5	3.89402547220047	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PLK1	-1.5110662793713	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PMEL	3.02441482397414	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PMP22	1.37283251184761	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PNKD	1.89548576348537	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PODN	-2.96689045317032	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PPP1R12C	1.46487055713333	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PPP1R3B	2.15569069043512	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PRC1	-1.89482136301275	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PRELID3B	-1.48299572469529	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PRELP	-2.35289096163514	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PRKCH	1.4644240315117	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PROCR	7.7490929436965	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PROSER2	1.39558820680273	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PRR11	-2.44138467284118	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PRRX1	-2.13132926678473	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PSIP1	-1.30433927133573	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PSMD8	1.62261279468474	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PTAR1	-1.44771334472106	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PTDSS1	1.21350108390503	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PTGES2	1.20709045114648	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PTH1R	1.44954432018338	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PTN	-3.00073111726361	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	PTPRU	2.35557950141525	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PTTG1	-1.60291380005607	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	PXDNL	-3.0003877169369	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	QPCT	-1.24793789040786	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	QSOX1	2.50350390186105	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	RACGAP1	-2.11474527624879	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	RAP1GAP	2.37540816874237	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	RASD1	2.91919581607226	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	RASSF4	3.30798562499614	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	RDH10	-2.10962991668247	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	RET	-1.3307910611864	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	RFC3	-1.52264879274028	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	RICTOR	-1.52453121280502	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	RNF5	1.57500309865804	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ROR2	1.62876122275098	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	RPL3L	-2.92266529152343	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	RPS6KA2	2.36276597951257	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	RRM2	-2.52057704344682	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	RTKN2	-1.51589390787986	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	RUNX1	-1.58431198995424	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	S100A10	1.39514267340501	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SAMD12	-1.22809103576888	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SAMD5	-1.29755661670472	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SASH1	-1.22248462884568	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SCAMP1	-1.49535175216198	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SCARA3	-2.57063283926254	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SCARB1	2.07490087264888	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SCD	1.86722612225167	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SCG2	1.81964765500486	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SDC3	1.84101940340446	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SDK2	1.59656370266383	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SERINC5	-1.23556963505647	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SERPINA3	1.49179238652612	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SERTAD4	-1.26257753691176	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SESN3	-1.7329951239643	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SFRP2	-7.40276967309566	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SFRP5	1.56764466039556	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SGO1	-1.23010072994599	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SGO2	-2.52996052603903	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SHCBP1	-2.36376078864755	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SKIL	-2.0914560105513	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SLC17A8	-1.66159171476751	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC1A3	1.35718689179013	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC25A4	3.55358508514536	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC26A2	1.68155371483918	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC29A2	2.86993303967088	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC29A4	2.1393931871082	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC2A1	4.59568142898085	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC2A12	1.39506901184788	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC2A4	1.30431614719106	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SLC35F1	-2.44422561647248	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SLC38A2	-1.7990331152258	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC39A14	1.25996905808849	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SLC44A5	-2.11056333292496	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC5A1	3.08079673167012	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SLC5A3	-1.69767505181816	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SLC6A4	-1.7893303187127	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC6A6	1.21161449031959	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC6A8	1.53937593667438	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC7A4	4.91426463021397	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC7A7	1.26658114721794	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SLC7A8	1.68377465876461	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SLCO5A1	-1.84892268302205	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SLFN13	-2.45954515869251	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SMC2	-1.39968814875948	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SMC4	-1.99194291853266	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SMIM1	2.59302060107744	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SMIM10L1	1.32365412759351	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SNU13	1.59901030862381	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SORCS1	1.53148104700335	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SORD	1.23899282637627	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SOX4	-2.17099711009895	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SPAG4	4.9199216071703	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SPAG5	-1.53807256372991	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SPATS2L	1.40235599528456	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SPIN4	-1.29309547632668	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SPOCK1	-2.22928607257392	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SPON1	-6.23960417604994	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SPON2	1.30514932540998	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SPP1	-3.60289662449932	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SPRY4	-1.33312072813701	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SPTBN2	1.30857810679407	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SRP9	-2.02572710255231	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ST3GAL1	1.65112581120711	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ST3GAL6	-1.63217125091704	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ST8SIA2	1.54682441336511	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ST8SIA4	-2.169278027865	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	STAT4	-1.32928939376388	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	STBD1	1.21704145754459	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	STK38L	-3.28266595724394	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SULT1E1	-6.78317215066429	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SV2C	-3.17016892315668	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	SYT13	2.97222140985923	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	SYTL5	-1.32738259724554	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TACC3	-1.27236060524896	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TCEAL7	-1.43845849765601	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TENM2	1.99668550967102	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TENT5B	3.12584599965542	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TFPI2	-3.87478924389223	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TGM2	1.7524887334466	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	THBS1	-2.54753836608166	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	THBS2	-4.38630054994747	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	THY1	-1.27876554304821	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TIMMDC1	1.22510840486507	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TK1	-1.68081737899842	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TKT	1.67948174825355	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TMED7	-2.01317501522591	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM119	2.34419027443481	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM132C	3.58804261538812	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM141	2.50800874231459	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM151A	1.25136975512429	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TMEM158	-1.75584745144957	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TMEM176A	-2.59301009742556	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TMEM176B	-3.09956832968029	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TMEM200A	-1.22344209279755	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TMEM263	-1.57915995367331	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TMEM56	-1.30761758760906	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TMEM88	1.21495633200956	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TMPO	-1.7276722014598	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TNFAIP2	-1.33378447242115	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TNFRSF11B	-5.05956570509748	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TNMD	-1.83885034411153	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TNNT2	1.36221336425842	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TNNT3	9.24789841086491	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TNS1	1.3965244382959	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TOP2A	-4.41822513630673	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TP53INP1	-2.31770560128285	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TP53INP2	1.30201281147938	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TPRN	1.28470703949969	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TPX2	-2.28358554807928	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TRH	3.48054149080299	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TRIL	-1.91882563133042	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TRIM54	1.66041088781838	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TRIM59	-1.52289242642733	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TRNP1	2.46274566353227	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TROVE2	-1.38543288260255	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TRPM1	1.83533544880159	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TRPM4	1.32895872238904	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TSC22D3	4.92551153614722	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TSHZ2	-1.25425691606474	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	TTK	-2.14866310026642	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TTR	1.45809121883728	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TUB	1.23522136989263	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TUBA3D	1.68670081170185	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TUBB	2.93052488612332	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TUBB2A	1.23030156504136	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	TYRP1	1.68228419848894	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	UAP1L1	1.33331003192297	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	UBE2C	-1.8849731292474	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	USP1	-1.39084345693882	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	VCL	3.68043196165689	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	VIPR1	-1.22802925028387	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	VSIR	1.23353453323167	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	VSTM2L	1.79868039143561	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	VWCE	2.29334675965087	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	WDR62	-1.41978957783599	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	WFDC2	-1.2944541282241	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	WNT9A	3.31099787467114	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	XIRP2	-15.7062041191859	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	XYLT2	1.47661917754128	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	OrangeRed	ZBTB16	22.2905563143892	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ZDHHC2	-1.49291758111854	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ZFP36L2	-1.90412558849811	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ZMAT3	-1.70772139249875	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ZNF367	-2.87103347197116	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ZNF697	-1.626352836925	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	OrangeRed	ZWINT	-1.42409647763898	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN05	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	A2M	1.93600612223804	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ABCA1	3.63327741166383	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ABCC4	-3.28695713936311	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ABTB2	2.44360256507185	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ACTG1	1.60540425127717	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ACTG2	7.0654373969201	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ADAM33	1.81891245443239	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ADAMTS2	8.60631862869755	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ADAMTSL4	4.69975031043553	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ADGRD1	1.95878642619113	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ADHFE1	1.72846651345393	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	AGAP9	1.70152598393397	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	AGRN	-2.40021098239561	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	AHNAK2	8.53791793300871	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ALCAM	-4.12784363236806	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ALDH1L1	6.87798467567898	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ALDH3B1	1.53504835519326	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ALG10B	-1.56981478082863	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ALS2CL	5.23819353891421	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ANGPTL1	3.20297890898652	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ANGPTL2	-2.65433420425882	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ANKRD1	2.11681419671312	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ANKRD18A	1.78630217856799	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ANKRD2	6.33763917687658	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ANKRD45	4.80401291975598	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ANKS1B	-2.47493925025203	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	APOB	3.08250045005873	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	APOE	2.24492117271654	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	AR	-2.76403188343023	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	AREG	7.91155439991064	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ARL6IP1	-1.8486583020465	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ARMC12	1.94808820833191	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ARRDC2	2.04058657182667	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ART3	9.22261495065409	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ASPG	3.02665805629306	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ASPM	-2.38661134058955	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ASPRV1	1.45246939686555	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ATF3	4.21591808203582	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ATP10A	2.20859989701099	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ATP1A3	-2.98444091291952	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	AXIN2	2.05611363561347	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	B3GALT2	-4.08117220074909	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	BACH2	-1.63652022248216	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	BAHCC1	-1.73799177909571	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	BCL6	3.56821834782554	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	BGN	1.96011886585947	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	BIRC5	-2.91623050151462	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	BMF	-4.30430220991774	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	BRCA2	-1.80332251772155	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	BTG2	2.53244948159373	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	BUB1	-2.34611407591283	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	BUB1B	-2.21138684566251	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	C1QL1	-1.4516026134505	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	C1QTNF1	2.83344055021597	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	C3ORF58	-2.78588077592086	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	C4ORF46	-1.58824884201995	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	C9ORF116	-1.80500106307133	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CA14	-1.61332698149811	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CACHD1	-2.18961427447739	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CALCRL	1.71997048844236	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CAV1	1.5605153289735	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CCDC34	-2.13665570856815	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CCDC85C	-2.14315116854374	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CCL21	-4.8921641410197	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CCNA2	-2.95976982953221	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CCNB1	-1.78000409033994	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CCNB2	-1.8309022197759	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CD109	3.7537358280565	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CD24	-2.70297008503954	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CD248	1.92719958916059	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CD27	1.48262300124421	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CDC20	-2.24227669054699	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CDH3	-4.03721336200254	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CDK1	-1.85781306005332	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CDK2AP1	-1.75265908252184	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CDK2AP2	-2.01316559092777	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CDKN2C	-1.96464493663327	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CDT1	-2.07789446785922	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CEMIP	2.18361461803326	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CENPA	-2.31241787817072	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CENPE	-2.5269346559708	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CENPF	-3.64497413933898	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CENPH	-1.79889839934775	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CENPM	-1.4614988752468	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CENPU	-1.5888053511363	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CEP55	-1.74706195529643	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CES4A	1.66157767886051	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CFAP77	9.00665050971309	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CFH	12.2343489318371	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CFI	1.46150398090648	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CFLAR	1.67228484006896	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CHRM2	-1.98973172560332	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CIT	-2.28839681061186	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CKAP2	-1.5407178309921	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CKAP2L	-2.25570591503301	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CKM	27.7299099151299	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CKMT2	1.59906664164933	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CLDN11	3.46587106083186	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CLEC2D	-2.05838510245035	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CLIP3	-2.2216819727912	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CLSTN2	-1.88843376452545	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CLU	-2.87768165165169	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CNTN4	-4.15538889794392	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	COL11A1	2.91694036675665	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	COL19A1	-1.59217005871918	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	COL1A1	5.15003318370165	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	COL1A2	5.08632055028785	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	COL22A1	-1.74335234325767	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	COL3A1	5.76143876449365	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	COL4A4	-2.19975899408266	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	COL5A3	1.91932963320683	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	COL6A1	3.27985067851213	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	COL6A2	6.16295137995268	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	COL6A3	5.14980353692115	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	COL6A6	1.79355355335591	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	COL8A1	2.09043333723379	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	COLEC11	4.28761278044129	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	COLGALT2	-2.54982972415931	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	COQ10A	1.87187811746884	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CPNE5	5.60921505273174	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CRABP2	-1.67384586100337	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CRB2	-2.66439556389019	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CRIP1	5.79828180612219	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CRISPLD2	7.29301367631256	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CRMP1	-1.94091957359202	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CRTAC1	-1.51538418078455	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CRYAB	3.74494329153324	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CRYBA4	-4.11035954663097	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CRYBB1	-3.30259026913456	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CRYBB2	-3.61426671203635	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CSPG4	4.36264699614622	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CUX2	-1.66050131591284	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	CXXC5	-2.2132145836916	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	CYB5R1	2.46766618498313	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DACH1	1.60285783403052	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DAPK2	5.18850176707135	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	DCBLD2	-1.86791675380212	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DCDC2B	1.61850464555656	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DCN	4.80127927478653	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DDIT4	1.66081012836339	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	DEPDC1	-4.40358334041412	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DEPTOR	1.46471013151756	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	DGKI	-2.95644472805069	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DHRS3	2.67018777885564	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	DLGAP5	-1.90365212733543	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DLK1	8.34414421821482	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DLK2	2.58871901257085	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DNAJC5G	2.19903544731708	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	DOK4	-1.56798169246663	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	DOK6	-1.65768127829012	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DPP7	17.4145803367886	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DPY19L2	1.72770767980826	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	DPYSL4	-1.77316515522253	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	DPYSL5	-2.687580699131	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DRD1	3.60708298224345	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	DRP2	-4.31511633633287	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DSC3	1.59252379712917	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	DTL	-1.78258797371408	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	DUOX2	1.60382802425186	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	E2F1	-2.43911984356778	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ECM1	1.62588411590772	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ECT2	-1.85039412124718	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	EDA	5.87992612828436	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	EDN2	1.87411167111684	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	EFHD1	-2.66563041109308	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	EFNB2	-1.73801045327332	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	EGLN3	2.12597804599682	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	EHBP1L1	1.62004316035923	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	EHD3	-1.6447333331458	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ELN	6.0494418635222	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	EMILIN1	3.66307776781398	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	EMILIN2	-1.48244533554427	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	EPHB1	-5.50293875778879	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	EPHB3	-1.62358176628281	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ERBB4	-1.73331003221684	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	EREG	2.16168105282457	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ERO1A	3.28616111325651	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ERRFI1	2.466928864403	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	EVA1C	2.67703103153731	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	EYA4	-3.24349050124737	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	F3	1.97733007855907	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	FAM107A	2.52885365669845	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	FAM124A	-5.9743388373054	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	FAM155B	1.45532666548236	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	FAM171A2	-2.23151784921857	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	FAM83D	-2.27299070448823	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	FAM83G	1.68776867347927	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	FANCD2	-1.94865073203081	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	FAP	2.04932889763439	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	FBLIM1	4.03497796731172	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	FBLN2	1.53716489928695	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	FBLN5	9.42457184885713	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	FBN1	5.76585837456211	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	FBXW7	-1.66935279205174	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	FEN1	-2.03013707116186	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	FERMT1	-2.77397171017182	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	FGF1	-1.51389764158704	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	FGF7	-1.70247887055055	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	FHL2	3.08741660266881	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	FKBP5	33.3304614979587	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	FLNB	1.78696986610674	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	FMOD	5.7356751212761	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	FN1	5.76343132772575	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	FOXM1	-1.73095179449734	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	FRAS1	-1.49245700004307	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	FRMPD1	-1.62836037168992	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	FSTL3	3.63121951522274	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	FZD2	-2.06023468549861	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GABRP	-1.65735691223063	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	GALK1	2.74744032722737	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GALNT13	-1.6034498363416	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GAS2L3	-1.47655118567932	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GDF2	-2.22613352317434	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	GGT5	1.7188522240661	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GJA3	-2.05610682350966	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GLCCI1	-1.65568853331509	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	GLIPR1L2	1.78344416193334	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GLP1R	-2.21205181063217	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	GLP2R	3.13659627296641	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	GMPR	2.36298401979485	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	GPAT3	2.09707238269306	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	GPBAR1	1.72151709061527	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	GPD1L	9.10152964789054	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	GPR17	1.5445232137311	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GPR37	-2.63770299490356	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	GPRC5B	1.93564961336524	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GPRIN3	-5.75825651243384	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GRIA3	-2.31846051139232	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GRID1	-2.04943169027526	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GRIN3A	-2.68442853540084	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GSTM1	-2.81634780011683	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GTSE1	-3.09110973355564	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	GUCY1A1	-1.97664860358205	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	HAMP	1.66816454466393	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	HEYL	3.14950996432662	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	HGF	3.45298473740956	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	HHIP	-1.74748131185009	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	HIF1A	1.84716583633911	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	HIF3A	7.75092851660324	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	HIPK2	1.46651843583016	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	HJURP	-2.38864973634291	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	HOGA1	1.46568435938082	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	HPCAL1	2.44507002608607	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	HPCAL4	4.90664430002845	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	HPR	4.14533890822238	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	HRH2	-1.46182932759732	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	HRK	-7.76460009074213	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	HSPA2	-2.76344024627703	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	IFIT1	-4.19658215806728	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	IFITM1	4.21359256057759	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	IGF2	11.3311561157103	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	IGFBP3	-2.26826132525772	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	IGFBP6	2.38603242714004	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	IL16	2.38849583480217	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	IL18R1	1.62324056386872	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	IL1R1	3.26628488664599	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	IL20RA	-1.7241228988726	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	IL32	1.74980240269723	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	IL33	1.83380532214338	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ILDR2	-2.20963621298376	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	INA	-3.68580005999246	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	INCENP	-2.80611966348248	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	INKA2	3.55720727153636	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	INMT	2.03168665236558	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	IP6K3	3.04837086179171	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	IQGAP3	-1.96174529948638	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	IRS1	-2.27058289824322	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ITGA1	2.22002242466495	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ITGA9	-1.63357792484535	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	JCAD	1.60194575342448	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	JPH3	-1.73063078605593	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KCNK6	-2.77948836411887	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KCNQ5	-2.03854961914362	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	KCNT1	1.89947855032811	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KCNV1	-4.64794531987785	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KCTD12	-1.90793830575632	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KHDRBS3	-1.62363957524445	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KIAA0319	-1.63989330809728	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KIAA1549	-1.6345439092352	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	KIAA1755	1.57765462616857	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KIF11	-2.70199133735749	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KIF14	-3.74885674502154	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KIF18B	-1.51537610397772	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KIF20A	-2.6819059372573	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KIF20B	-2.05418075516328	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KIF2C	-2.48228005114056	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KIF4A	-1.46505666848102	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	KLF10	4.48701244938385	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	KLF13	1.76267165089328	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	KLF15	2.43981218867996	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	KLF9	1.62453474108871	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	KLHL13	5.1563165812047	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	KLHL3	1.80997888964423	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KLHL38	-2.69437622330229	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KLLN	-1.99726437108334	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KNL1	-2.49080880267652	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KPNA2	-1.98352633857546	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	KY	-2.97866347266885	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	L3MBTL4	1.90196572162984	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LAMA3	-1.59807462917108	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LAMC3	3.35832424311135	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LCNL1	3.07886180300119	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LDHD	1.86937113457911	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LEFTY2	-3.37918977430201	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LGALS8	1.46381184292027	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LGI2	-2.66017625085091	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LHFPL6	-1.54179558806249	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LIMD1	-1.75162739211462	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LMCD1	5.48957889119903	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LMNB1	-2.29888178009681	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LMO4	-1.73202682383478	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LMOD2	2.29793487762853	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LOC100996724	2.0688024506007	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LOC105377641	4.08413344763779	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LOC107984841	-1.78039659690086	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LOC107986810	1.69005260015238	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LOC107986982	2.29398722279825	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LOC653513	2.38476648300107	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LOC728485	-1.67898777464646	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LOXHD1	-1.70202180585092	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LOXL1	2.07858472517626	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LRIG2	3.47197098722912	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LRP2	-2.43867154463876	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LRRC10	-3.39272244705162	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LRRC17	1.50188816815472	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LRRC3	-1.48252159339745	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LRRC4	-1.69395515331766	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LRRC4B	-1.46887392039145	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LRRK1	2.28745293749141	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LRRN4	-3.82552255999949	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LRRTM2	1.86275439634227	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	LUM	6.2402521429	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LYPD1	-1.5960585757128	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	LYPD6	-4.3850731597465	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MAFF	1.71466328347142	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MAOA	64.011025474757	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MAP1LC3A	2.62774534289076	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	MARCH1	-2.49881389979758	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	MARCH11	-4.9211199225598	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	MARCKS	-1.99121196219156	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MAVS	2.10563511933658	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	MEGF9	-2.05290579571376	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	MELK	-1.48021461687	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	MELTF	-1.77694302901265	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	METTL11B	-1.52446663941467	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	METTL7B	1.97837267144821	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MGP	6.32061994728504	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	MKI67	-3.2236409929107	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	MLLT1	-2.30891340154005	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MLN	1.46123410472754	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	MMP1	-1.64851820263093	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MMP14	2.65856939087822	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MPP3	2.736315572471	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MRC2	2.46895386722475	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MRGPRF	2.11412036058579	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MRPL39	1.72610018671263	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MSC	2.97421770148051	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	MXD3	-1.61450822923473	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	MYBL2	-1.50630346034119	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MYH6	2.37906470731819	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MYL3	2.4872483934184	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MYL6	1.48584682720209	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MYLK	1.48220977450135	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MYO15B	3.90945519920783	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	MYO9A	1.95519933291969	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	MYRFL	-1.80862717137418	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	MZT1	-1.62331434553147	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	NAALADL2	1.5005847588325	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	NAMPT	3.38338161835973	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	NAV1	-1.73762408147643	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	NBEAL2	2.25802225510721	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	NCAPD2	-1.86845721011111	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	NCAPG	-2.78386220891703	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	NCAPH	-2.03896233262036	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	NDC80	-2.04286989589932	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	NDNF	-3.10294228529557	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	NDRG4	8.29266293591745	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	NECTIN1	-2.14881745101246	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	NEK2	-2.38712487731445	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	NEXN	1.87268233941864	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	NLRP2	2.07162217013421	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	NNMT	4.1203052935191	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	NPPB	6.929062260032	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	NR1D2	-3.08532677126858	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	NR1H4	2.50926000260748	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	NRK	2.04610955647045	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	NT5DC2	4.26958911440505	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	NUDT4	-1.73015286363431	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	NUSAP1	-2.91989694997252	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	NXPH2	-4.03758317508151	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	OGN	2.38191282293224	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	OSMR	1.72765339184123	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	P2RX1	1.75003179827491	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	P3H2	-1.55179205605364	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	P3H3	1.59995646572292	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PADI2	1.85920797563988	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PANX2	-1.82455685200645	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PAPLN	1.69083762120581	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PAPPA	2.14646495737529	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PBK	-2.43117709535954	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PCDH17	-1.60716023500256	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PCDH20	-2.032853774476	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PCDHAC2	-2.28575835217511	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PCDHB5	-3.73027657740256	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PCOLCE	1.46196887380579	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PDE10A	-1.47690674107772	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PDE4D	-1.80193615497005	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PDE8B	1.76434990274788	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PDGFRA	3.38108221672525	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PDGFRB	3.80192618887637	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PDIA4	-1.8487830754134	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PDK4	3.37051357057643	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PDZRN3	-2.46133901078086	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PEG10	-4.19328108457856	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PER1	10.7872758831383	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PER3	-3.05688655952544	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PGGHG	1.9531514774789	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PGR	-2.39358283018392	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PHF19	-1.48885693787815	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PHF21A	-1.73273898269178	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PIK3C2B	-2.2482860553573	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PIM1	1.5113744754319	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PIM2	-1.67770790503414	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PIMREG	-2.06027586774231	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PITPNC1	1.98128164320696	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PITPNM1	-1.74186371979522	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PITPNM3	2.18782210972934	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PKHD1L1	2.82006925293429	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PLA2G2A	9.29547360687813	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PLAC8	2.23367647157778	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PLD2	1.94095719686756	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PLIN2	7.43379190905633	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PLIN5	2.38819341143	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PLK1	-2.83025690767272	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PMP22	1.80767121464978	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PNMT	1.66843167034548	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PODNL1	3.15592962206316	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	POLQ	-1.46744108478045	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PPIP5K2	1.56310318304347	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PPM1L	-1.54673289615389	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PRC1	-2.42354564825672	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PRDM8	-2.53755975971331	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PRKAG2	1.50163794498477	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PRR11	-2.68213430722123	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PRR36	-1.86339270922963	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PRRX1	-4.07566652263666	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PTCHD1	-1.91256952275643	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PTGDS	2.48186386420437	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PTGIS	1.97693334079017	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	PTN	-1.90527182463572	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	PTPRU	2.0624857027517	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	QSOX1	1.74248102798516	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	RAB8B	-2.046746615622	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	RAPGEF5	1.77050391185984	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	RASD1	2.2388407431067	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	RASD2	-1.46750559224554	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	RASL12	6.18556573656391	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	RASSF2	1.98611393048103	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	RASSF4	1.65724707468075	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	RCOR2	-1.91321463335407	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	RELN	-2.54579681749776	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	RGS5	-1.7787742676811	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	RHOU	3.01751238987767	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	RIMS4	-1.52037519701962	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	RNF152	-1.63853280597806	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	RNF2	-1.72218252183982	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ROBO1	-1.67869536447512	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	RPS4Y1	1.47914500855674	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	RPS6KA2	3.05847075745847	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	RPS9	-2.12524117390022	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	RREB1	-1.46757282691907	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	RRM2	-2.12598213718667	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	RTKN2	-1.58213628899255	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	RUNDC3A	-1.6976244590695	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	S1PR5	1.57863517511469	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SAMD9L	3.00063086068694	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SCARA3	-1.69158623491504	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SCN7A	1.8296690810544	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SEC14L5	-2.78967129725807	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SEMA3D	-1.454404937626	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SEMA6A	-1.63353723835164	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SERPINA3	4.17002599069874	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SERPIND1	2.42537787055332	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SERPINE2	2.27694379097707	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SERPINF1	2.43406316294762	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SERPING1	1.53431829887583	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SERPINI1	-2.53856855152212	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SESN3	-2.45470823167057	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SEZ6	1.61175210171985	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SF3A2	-1.76314510993167	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SFRP1	-1.70564309217262	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SFRP5	1.66443707728278	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SFTPD	1.5523334607032	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SGK1	2.2709138983683	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SGO2	-2.31037093879686	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SH3D21	1.88651804621781	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SH3TC2	-2.36652283030163	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SHC4	1.65369367331319	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SHCBP1	-2.68997201568869	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SLC12A8	1.45085917053751	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SLC16A3	1.74103517982695	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SLC25A4	3.3815782443694	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SLC26A9	2.2866319559523	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SLC2A1	2.8929191429895	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SLC2A2	-1.48665790587586	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SLC35F1	-2.63856757449275	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SLC4A8	-1.7045388806417	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SLC6A1	2.57463733341066	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SLC6A6	4.64285381637875	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SLC7A4	11.4525152853741	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SLCO1A2	-1.68729721461595	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SLCO2A1	1.89421826638926	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SLITRK4	2.57483570692486	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SMOC2	3.26009478788327	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SNAI2	2.07393677970857	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SNCG	-1.46374398421521	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SNX22	1.76137756777654	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SOCS2	-1.83809783736738	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SORBS1	1.57430491200347	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SORCS3	-4.46314558949301	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SOX11	-1.59666563965181	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SOX3	-1.77769355850241	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SOX4	-2.103240294516	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SOX9	1.85780673723795	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SPAG4	2.43132571278119	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SPAG5	-2.08427469189408	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SPARC	3.16057011612104	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SPARCL1	7.71970649450237	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SPATA12	2.61850286121563	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SPATS2L	1.6894388423916	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SPC24	-2.1055842337814	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SPHKAP	-1.4864902256617	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SPINT1	1.51386444507354	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SPOCK1	-4.39584679138125	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SPOCK2	5.14530460469096	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SPON1	-3.14440818991422	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SPON2	8.27305242126641	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	SPTLC3	1.98410550505973	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	STK26	-1.91817145785057	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SV2C	-12.1777485822817	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SYT11	-1.71780041155706	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	SYT7	-3.49844079191045	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TCAP	2.1442881287949	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TCF4	-1.47250328684675	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TENT5B	4.49899363066163	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TGFBR3	-3.47718503378093	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	THBS1	-2.73737616003868	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	THBS2	1.84724662014706	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	THY1	2.24323683861215	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TICRR	-1.64241318663512	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TK1	-1.59407586071216	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TMEM119	4.54990342499939	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TMEM132B	-2.73647856180647	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TMEM159	-1.67107931432565	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TMEM176A	3.39308571090871	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TMEM176B	4.49722692458306	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TMEM200B	1.64535238169828	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TMEM204	3.39659974153691	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TMTC2	2.10205140251239	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TNFAIP2	2.14617471762368	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TNFRSF11A	2.13643731871532	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TNMD	-2.09265929056723	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TNNT3	12.049215426266	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TOP2A	-3.39884085531336	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TPCN2	2.53204992684146	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TPX2	-2.60670809353796	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TRH	7.69707592485216	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TRIL	-2.21475354434533	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TRIM2	-1.86932530956458	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TRIM38	2.11530369063908	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TRNP1	1.76856941621795	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TROAP	-1.86750778752601	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	TSC22D3	1.70203268646471	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TTC9	-1.76558465994602	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TTK	-2.90254372611191	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TUBB4A	-1.66112120488153	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	TYMS	-1.95911085555074	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	UAP1L1	1.48761726986749	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	UBE2C	-1.97862370759165	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	UBE2T	-1.46164995983988	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	UCP1	-4.52887723990998	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	UGT8	-2.08101302829384	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	USH1C	1.77934243705582	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	USP6	4.32550991320812	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	VCAM1	-1.92338153083662	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	VCL	2.77277735787002	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	VIPR1	-1.58384586149349	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	VLDLR	-1.53879231997471	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	VTN	-1.62926905185645	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	VWC2	-3.28519768508894	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	VWCE	2.25494234196575	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	WFDC1	1.98374442245949	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	WISP1	5.55477409512122	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	WNT4	1.48604498823076	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	WSCD2	-1.85770503163771	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ZBTB16	34.6196641538561	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ZDHHC2	-1.62148616427489	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ZNF148	-1.61239923768905	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Blue	ZNF750	1.76495169085632	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Blue	ZWINT	-2.17727416965835	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN06	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	AASS	2.00890460479053	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ABCB5	1.86255896225068	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ABI3BP	-2.28818657254686	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ABLIM1	1.81868848811506	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ABTB2	2.85558504577085	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ADAM11	-5.07627926929793	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ADAMTS7	-2.63906244802641	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ADAMTS9	1.7689418287742	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	AGL	3.12515988969708	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	AHNAK2	6.02783021823431	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ALAS2	2.55285835325992	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ALDH1A1	2.76202263121104	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ALDH1A3	4.35622664321063	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ALDH1L1	10.7418089494273	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ALS2CL	3.11954928067603	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	AMHR2	-2.37988012712656	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	AMT	-1.8991184435293	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ANKRD1	3.04020982257768	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ANKRD2	9.50966256276701	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ANKRD63	-2.77098091747939	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ANXA8	-1.81997885372451	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	APC	2.56055087211148	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	APLN	-2.57340233488039	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ARHGAP10	2.39015660167424	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ARHGAP29	4.81008510917305	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ARHGAP33	-2.16482181457991	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ARHGEF6	2.12553315990291	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ARMC12	3.44889462799243	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ARRDC3	4.21139310691653	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ART3	11.0966547226428	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ASCL1	-2.28287233037491	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ASF1B	-2.93678439486677	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ASPG	2.0876317589157	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ATP1B2	-2.77279660408047	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	AURKA	-2.16207749647063	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	AURKB	-3.82645705668728	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	AXIN2	4.74548705075647	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	BCAT1	2.87389833056688	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	BCL6	3.77554770648271	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	BEST1	4.83841662254284	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	BGN	-1.8901019217516	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	BIRC5	-3.83037484082242	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	BMP10	-2.6494726103711	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	BRCA2	-2.1705237441358	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	BRIP1	-2.13066500159484	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	BUB1	-3.20261224909581	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	BUB1B	-3.73491340737951	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	C17ORF53	-1.76006478992344	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	C1ORF122	1.76604938483735	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	C21ORF58	-3.67904057292209	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	C7	2.32734691443415	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	C8ORF88	1.76587488350818	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CA9	-2.05248929458798	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CACNA1G	-5.01856021290603	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CACNA1H	-2.8088561365936	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CACNA2D2	-12.3080480210849	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CALM1	2.424447465003	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CAPN3	-1.77312818375952	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CASQ2	3.11443378379672	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CAV1	2.96662974728804	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CCDC141	1.88911213420134	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CCDC34	-4.28976415489943	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CCL21	-3.5724546281974	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CCNA2	-2.52588978819239	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CCNB1	-2.67773885019262	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CCNB2	-3.47734224244834	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CCNF	-3.19657310224489	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CD109	5.5782050687811	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CD24	-2.22367440032567	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CD274	3.08854209239329	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDC20	-3.15389428971641	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDC25B	-1.75390224510551	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDC25C	-2.18684741107539	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDC45	-2.01657344817214	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDC6	-3.0373619105325	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDCA3	-3.40307719996043	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDCA5	-3.6181787596154	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDCA7	-2.11301915576754	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDCA8	-3.6438526434223	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDH3	-2.26329987988223	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDH4	-2.59963779721251	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDH5	-2.06680835588714	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDK1	-3.25723110142165	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDK4	-2.09526996940307	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CDK5R1	2.23902919258424	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CDKN1A	3.35553998662617	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDKN2C	-2.36716923750821	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CDO1	2.01024620820809	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CDT1	-2.05506680074305	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CEBPD	1.82892471388741	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CENPF	-3.23573312078928	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CENPU	-2.36862028993002	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CERS6	2.57895328598502	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CFAP77	4.06456414430841	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CFLAR	2.51604246915321	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CHAF1A	-4.3433497823295	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CHAF1B	-2.36822629285895	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CHPF	2.32298323061307	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CHRM2	2.38322609216118	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CIT	-4.99305902960162	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CKM	23.2143578359015	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CLDN19	1.84586414016183	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CLIC4	2.83897439953095	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CLIC6	4.9687581872483	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CLSPN	-3.32757617591689	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CLU	-5.4360316564397	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CNTFR	-2.7494008214268	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CNTN1	4.5304066135811	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CNTROB	-2.10469986762768	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	COL12A1	2.80129717370798	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	COL14A1	-2.97204227052418	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	COL1A2	-2.15968938765316	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	COL2A1	-17.6361758835253	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	COL3A1	-1.86789596822831	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	COL4A6	-4.28407816932211	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	COL6A2	-1.84022388236556	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	COL6A3	-1.92665181981759	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	COL8A1	2.13774710627397	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	COL8A2	2.82355066338802	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	COL9A1	-3.7048230846995	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	COL9A2	6.1314282170935	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	COQ10A	2.11349492882265	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CORO2B	2.61781339142707	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	COX6A2	2.20713705850985	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CPAMD8	4.50958955556699	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CRYAB	2.35769636039594	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CSK	-1.81408872012264	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CSPG4	5.31362405147435	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CTNNA3	2.25387723786067	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	CXCL12	-5.41475332036523	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CXCL14	2.51234783751946	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CYP1B1	2.39848551394197	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CYP26A1	3.07540177954534	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	CYP51A1	2.56639227223839	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	DDX11	-3.1372555068374	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	DHFR	-2.18041872525729	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	DHRS3	2.16433261424179	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	DKK3	1.91530889590362	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	DLG1	2.4421229099305	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	DLGAP5	-1.9669639066442	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	DLK2	2.08075397917405	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	DNAJB4	3.5571499134218	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	DNAJB6	1.87465345201605	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	DNAJC3	1.8009335730404	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	DNMT1	-1.93646875393458	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	DPP7	14.7090970157083	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	DPYSL4	-1.79505982248668	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	DRD1	-4.26131831288228	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	DRP2	-2.12735604379482	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	DSC2	1.99184750116381	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	DSTN	3.20203146002711	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	DTL	-2.28629363509789	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	DUSP2	2.65509148622371	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	DYRK1A	2.39487995106238	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	E2F1	-5.27715848806291	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	EDA	4.45945508912863	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	EDN2	2.750486206767	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	EFEMP1	2.47287619986731	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	EGLN1	3.31196737848531	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	EIF5A2	1.94561739911389	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ELN	9.95604125264243	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ELOVL6	1.84200404532913	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ELOVL7	1.75688522234244	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	EMILIN1	-2.44541633952132	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ENO2	-2.54248037802305	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ENPP2	5.7636882820187	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	EPHA4	-1.79801303102845	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ERBB3	-2.64916433627499	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	EREG	1.783424537609	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ERMN	4.40750710144245	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ERO1A	5.03878108414367	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ERRFI1	1.84465808819759	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ESPL1	-3.29297869198912	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ETV4	-1.83782291712316	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	F2RL2	1.76553675840682	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	F3	2.85805039396372	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	FABP3	1.94183864545669	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	FAM110C	2.37539566857418	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	FAM155B	4.50588318394752	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FAM72A	-2.8110671479476	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FANCA	-3.44860240954699	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FANCD2	-2.55231356545548	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FANCG	-1.85110352457175	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FANCI	-3.33439574398176	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	FBLIM1	5.10714764846551	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FBLN1	-2.00360550162489	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FEN1	-5.00508050146954	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FERMT1	-1.88857058701855	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	FGD4	2.24523661371836	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FGF11	-2.22010693565246	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	FGF12	2.18803056173531	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	FHL2	2.28591824545928	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FIGNL1	-1.74634517376886	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FKBP10	-2.75093513673572	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	FKBP5	34.3005051064896	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FLT1	-4.6202613336947	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FOXM1	-4.89438110136218	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	FREM1	3.37862602397652	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	FRZB	2.03498298236787	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	FSTL3	2.17627309916269	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FSTL4	-2.38940839914669	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	FZD2	-3.0105579082627	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	GABRB2	-2.20737834389328	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GADD45A	1.77614174001294	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GALK1	2.44505084679648	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GALNT17	4.5668658199274	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GAS2L1	1.88478203178452	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	GATA2	-2.43570642223198	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	GATD1	-1.96392494542963	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	GATM	-2.85195266630497	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GCLM	2.63189763548292	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GDF15	3.12390381639573	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GHR	2.64645456391916	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	GINS1	-2.43181578366608	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	GINS2	-3.05309114881154	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	GJA5	-4.79211981219627	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	GJD2	-2.20091014311872	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GLDC	2.4986850771154	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GMPR	2.1060372044363	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	GNAO1	-5.87595344434287	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GPAT3	1.98618437220258	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GPD1L	16.3164006897122	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GPM6A	2.47996102259145	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GPNMB	6.04968882354411	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GPR143	1.84899488763447	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	GPRASP1	-3.25389150735164	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	GRID1	-2.13712733975178	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	GRID2	3.18827378661581	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	GTSE1	-4.98247075653909	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	H2AFZ	-2.09954677472887	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	HACD1	2.11734825132932	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	HCN4	-2.65326589463945	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	HIF1A	2.0795889100112	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	HIF3A	9.07980604509514	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	HIPK2	4.49957653351265	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	HIRIP3	-1.80481554336162	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	HJURP	-2.45426331846896	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	HMGB2	-3.20051312979456	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	HMGCR	2.44179901152211	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	HMGCS1	2.91639628079618	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	HMOX1	2.82384432326129	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	HOGA1	2.28827417384694	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	HOPX	5.54550260245594	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	HPR	5.72113496157533	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	HRK	-1.97667133421329	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	HSD17B2	6.8873251521522	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	HSPA8	2.65313638179259	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	HTR4	-3.6074614551692	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	HUNK	-3.60559218243048	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	IDI1	2.23680739509865	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	IGF1	-1.87354282029677	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	IGF2	7.31891672466868	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	IGFBP3	-2.029219212008	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	IGFBP5	-7.69295168423766	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	IGFBP6	1.8159359733078	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	IGSF9	-3.72163829743754	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	IL12RB2	2.08318942411384	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	IL6ST	2.21855499765746	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	INCENP	-3.30281937280912	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	INKA2	12.3637563976412	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	INSIG1	2.84604687365646	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	IP6K3	8.61722793200026	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	IQGAP3	-6.984932925475	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	IRS2	3.14285695061172	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ISL1	-2.09609511424801	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ISLR	-2.29976458900361	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ITGB6	-2.35903494234265	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ITIH5	2.66500868861463	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	JAG1	-5.21160503524663	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	KANK1	3.02392924253931	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	KCNA5	-2.15768285001076	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	KCNH7	-2.29243194233636	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	KCNJ13	2.88462005585641	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	KCNJ2	3.0957243649151	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	KCNMA1	2.01462426920481	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	KCNS2	-2.42590395915208	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	KCNV1	-2.16599107476388	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	KIAA1755	-2.37115921870825	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	KIF11	-1.74816044756625	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	KIF18B	-5.27154845055233	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	KIF20A	-3.81057899205832	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	KIF22	-4.62487166426673	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	KIF2C	-5.14793515951157	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	KIF4A	-2.70485755526479	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	KIF5C	2.02482579953385	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	KLF10	2.18366244050169	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	KLF15	4.47513726097964	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	KLF6	2.14846706960473	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	KLF9	5.22908101518466	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	KLHL13	12.184997794179	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	KLHL3	3.86162077419523	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	KLK11	3.06699966765612	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	KPNA2	-2.47426060748684	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	KRT7	3.15003975709166	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	LANCL3	2.15924744821014	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	LDHD	2.01316983453052	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	LDLR	2.51166469789873	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	LGALS8	2.20740787830277	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	LHX2	2.36390884085554	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	LIG1	-4.23708494335202	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	LINGO1	-2.12835159579915	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	LMCD1	2.46925210130229	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	LMNB1	-4.20238324004031	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	LMNB2	-2.03595738432576	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	LOC101927401	-3.02808015781037	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	LOC101928592	-2.31904347167527	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	LOC105372798	1.77388014288297	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	LOC105377650	1.93339098962803	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	LOC107985971	-2.31599571559162	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	LOC653513	2.94854968151539	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	LOXL1	1.98012870986831	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	LPCAT4	-1.87242913631527	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	LRIG2	3.37821192461114	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	LRRC10	-5.17532369196041	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	LRRN1	5.0066470060924	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	LTBP4	-1.78547988796771	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MAB21L1	2.90847110774895	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MAD2L1	-2.59562275822172	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MAFG	1.82549405986275	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MAGEA12	2.75065661443546	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MAMSTR	-1.75802467461703	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MAOA	64.0457280445654	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MAP1B	2.03949392847387	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MAPK14	2.30133829207906	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MAPRE2	1.77223126640209	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MASP1	3.42337025730657	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MAST4	2.27362462463282	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MAVS	1.97612223934541	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MBNL2	2.15464233592604	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MCM10	-3.43584883422926	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MCM2	-4.26220551666503	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MCM3	-3.54994806220577	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MCM4	-2.76917456704462	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MCM5	-4.73889646632897	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MCM6	-3.22506977189418	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MCM7	-5.82069211437155	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MDM2	2.17492507153274	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MED13	1.86841011132514	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MEGF11	2.38593116395147	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MELK	-2.05339257813894	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MEX3A	-2.61007092606521	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MFAP2	-2.40950179458182	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MFAP4	-3.19182690761431	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MGLL	-1.91112739802424	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MITF	2.08064150399547	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MKI67	-5.5318963947516	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MSMO1	3.35492239799082	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MSS51	1.96256244314184	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MXRA7	2.55579421395073	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MYBL2	-6.78328411029904	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MYL3	2.06886720006308	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	MYLK	-1.76662952074142	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MYLK3	2.17142762203569	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MYO9A	3.46611085306401	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	MYOM3	2.79564821254047	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NAMPT	4.94197949777606	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NAV3	2.49840047156106	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	NCAPD2	-3.72976020422549	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	NCAPH	-2.00264169894837	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	NDC80	-2.13712556630918	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NDRG4	10.2714033025161	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NDUFA5	3.11401519518214	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NEDD9	2.6507218121191	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NEK7	3.68391618092055	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NELL2	5.28705342479963	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NEXN	2.93076597710982	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	NNAT	-2.07953043579527	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NPAS2	2.05084160589591	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NPPA	2.36763365660521	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NPPB	12.7334091415776	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NPR3	2.11351290111531	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NQO1	2.13448668916605	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	NRXN1	-3.51395329577096	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	NSD2	-1.86380441920407	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NT5DC2	4.20989475859189	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	NUP210	-1.92727825699103	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	NUSAP1	-2.48255931773204	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	NYAP1	1.76544960855436	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ODC1	2.07956317887937	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	OR51E2	3.50562502417759	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	OSGIN1	4.93898720369693	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	OTOG	-2.58450589206979	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	OTX2	5.65344614695998	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PAIP2B	2.03027639321373	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PALLD	1.94441076019584	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PANX1	4.73219272513608	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PAQR6	-2.23692031636216	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PAX6	2.38573191495575	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PBK	-2.76704165932808	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PCF11	2.184229849085	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PCGF5	1.75883479813603	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PCNA	-2.53408062301626	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PCSK1N	1.86968833364795	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PDE3A	-2.17162928181955	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PDE7A	5.80421592225234	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PDK4	17.8865199061201	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PEBP4	1.77183305912994	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PER1	9.46742678602736	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PER3	-2.55469989876989	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PFAS	-1.81684460478685	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PFKL	-1.77350382879648	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PHACTR1	2.09963970189452	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PHACTR2	2.48451735607236	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PHF19	-2.01699308880217	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PHGDH	-2.66873165324194	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PIF1	-3.17811055650296	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PIK3R1	2.13593859230861	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PIM1	5.59192905062527	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PIMREG	-1.85225227719406	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PITPNC1	4.36250299771235	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PKMYT1	-1.93991085654372	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PLAC1	-2.19287259517393	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PLCXD3	2.58995213782332	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PLEKHG4B	-3.2478946805756	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PLIN2	6.93333600559207	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PLIN5	1.81624702729905	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PLK1	-4.27579382298772	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PMEL	21.4855428224917	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	POC1A	-1.941325338307	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PODN	-1.90991291446567	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	POLA2	-3.1536047352987	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	POLD1	-1.81030617949113	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	POU4F1	-2.49418826771798	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PPIP5K2	5.98534127874674	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PPP1R14C	2.04479678066525	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PPP2R5A	3.49949477663009	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PRC1	-4.01993572391006	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PRKAR1A	2.02582564564962	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PRKG1	2.1385338910086	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PRR11	-3.45466378330208	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PRSS12	2.38101598420035	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PRSS33	3.17271557826528	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PSD3	2.05734920644266	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	PTDSS1	2.2086760537206	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PTN	-1.76102895928451	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	PTTG1	-2.38905814718213	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	QSOX1	4.77116035680835	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RAB5IF	2.16780560594857	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	RACGAP1	-3.03659840479253	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	RAD51AP1	-2.27032274649424	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RASD1	2.74218799940828	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RASD2	2.07416148060986	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RASGRF2	1.75279801911403	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	RASSF5	-2.87563241873844	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RASSF6	2.15843098436885	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RBBP6	2.00988406389047	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RBM44	1.82921917567879	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RBM47	2.18975872155865	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RBMS3	1.78886074535971	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RC3H1	3.30178562124134	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	RECQL4	-1.91057930749527	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RETREG1	2.02680676072113	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RGMA	2.2702285961754	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RHOQ	3.67558585959865	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RLBP1	2.38969764716739	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	RMI2	-2.84699233803508	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	RNASEH2A	-2.62895004315694	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RNF14	1.85579558145533	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	RNF144A	-1.88760787741124	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RNF150	2.27503175577743	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RPS6KA2	2.59566407830222	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	RRAD	-2.71312039605271	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	RRM1	-1.92565485967538	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	RRM2	-3.56362283727328	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	RRM2B	2.10115334340159	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	RTN4RL1	-1.82474111441611	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	S1PR3	1.78445917760255	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	S1PR5	2.64361135430319	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SALL2	-2.65199467576601	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SCARA3	-3.22488765949295	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SCRN2	-1.83024331526127	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SEMA3C	2.1659657768039	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SEMA3G	2.02278990159967	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SEMA5B	-2.54807741819567	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SERPINA3	2.22597605456386	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SERPINE3	4.41303958097509	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SERPINF1	7.51312863927054	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SERPINI1	-1.78638470788579	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SETX	1.83745249419824	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SGCB	1.81788956379671	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SHC4	4.75269772302551	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SHCBP1	-2.39329948392524	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SHD	-3.6100407019485	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SHOX2	-6.74563469443573	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SIRT2	-2.0282268376823	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLC25A4	2.94568253029313	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLC26A2	2.03483669701463	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLC28A3	1.87468553258412	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLC2A1	9.82473597313146	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLC35D1	1.79098581424577	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLC39A10	1.9382671972082	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLC39A14	3.12686435323963	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLC5A1	4.88230673106845	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SLC5A12	-3.15292554716963	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLC6A15	4.31157475524219	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLC6A17	2.59840609605356	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SLC6A4	-2.29815934031453	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLC6A6	2.10097308766174	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLC7A11	2.08758397146858	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLC7A8	5.2822286259674	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLCO5A1	63.9387587436521	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SLIT2	-2.65072450372602	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SLITRK4	2.63266609396194	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SMIM1	3.2865133198933	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SMTNL2	-2.14700152764559	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SNAP91	2.39418605857929	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SORBS1	2.27548332612577	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SORT1	1.75253314112864	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SOSTDC1	3.2110415803625	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SOX4	-2.89348651435755	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SOX8	3.07487791630568	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SP6	-2.02059673883966	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SPAG5	-4.80235647400287	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SPARCL1	4.86102782790698	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SPATS2L	2.64849955349905	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SPC24	-3.11650521691826	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SPNS2	2.54160605621728	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SPP1	-3.07363228304018	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SQLE	2.013418244103	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SRXN1	3.5454345458194	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ST3GAL1	3.41379909104341	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ST6GAL2	-3.40626524390856	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ST8SIA1	-3.04321962104103	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	STARD7	3.28175040554578	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	STON2	1.8961070510635	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	STUM	-2.00535630748328	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	SV2C	-2.30623944666126	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SYNPO2	2.01713467415504	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	SYT14	3.59771383766974	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TACC3	-3.20795499189263	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TBX5	-2.33626490349212	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TCAP	1.84541293319557	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TCEA3	-2.76344247831323	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TENT5B	6.24619097045161	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TFRC	1.89864849642864	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TGFBI	-2.19660186744901	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	THSD7A	-2.14178222814851	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TIAM1	-1.91210159590761	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TIMELESS	-4.99804163873935	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TK1	-3.28839194199545	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TKT	2.72844552403904	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TMEFF2	2.43191499883117	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TMEM151A	1.84096716615628	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TMEM176A	-2.47247904880142	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TMEM176B	-2.01209325575074	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TMTC1	1.8809624535383	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TMTC2	2.53799582539915	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TNC	-2.79977477635133	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TNFRSF11A	2.38295851923469	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TNNT3	2.79664864531914	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TOP2A	-3.81826578401926	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TPX2	-2.54807477987845	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TRDN	1.78275886074451	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TRH	-1.9823020598088	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TRIM16	4.33018227269757	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TRIM16L	6.47709329841437	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TRIM67	2.06589660546943	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TRNP1	4.26146584846645	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TROAP	-4.39994685735297	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TRPM1	2.41957770830664	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TRPM3	2.57329157002985	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TSPAN10	2.7125734592067	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TSPEAR	-2.97657472652153	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TUBA3D	4.13043470849745	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TUBB4A	2.59370088415226	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TXNRD1	6.91122500208532	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	TYMS	-2.61276918555526	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TYR	5.11045863465736	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	TYRP1	9.05473065240049	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	UBE2C	-2.65506222194689	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	UBTD1	2.0948482186476	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	UHRF1	-3.81632166287054	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	UNC5B	-1.79355982109735	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	USH1C	-6.58855913185323	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	USP31	2.38170176959933	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	USP53	2.53108611700721	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	VASH1	-2.64185958153085	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	VAT1L	3.01583616353836	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	VCAN	-4.08061070089885	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	VCL	4.61265961257645	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	VSIR	2.55498644676712	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	VTN	-1.75284145422518	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	VWCE	3.02188996795953	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	WDR62	-2.7812969825137	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	WDR76	-1.83898055815723	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	XIRP2	-4.03688019326931	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	XKR5	-2.57225884320283	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	XPR1	4.45333154903827	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	YPEL1	-2.54266194780682	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ZBTB16	21.391018667669	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ZBTB20	2.53180847528414	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ZFP36	1.95363476692218	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ZFPM1	2.23298207872871	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ZMYM3	-1.83072155251001	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ZNF385B	-3.12861304141186	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ZNF469	-1.87348991136293	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ZNF654	3.34641971403403	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ZSWIM6	2.58424466813552	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	Pink	ZWINT	-3.15776369845777	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	Pink	ZYG11B	2.16907364086141	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN08	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	A2M	-6.22300170706749	0	FALSE	164	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	AACS	3.76416603379411	0	FALSE	337	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ABLIM3	3.27224068276972	0	FALSE	400	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ABTB2	3.13548613698645	0	FALSE	425	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ACAT1	2.75379882598245	0	FALSE	506	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ACBD7	-3.49296477546326	0	FALSE	370	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ACTG2	-5.34037494459303	0	FALSE	207	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADGRG6	2.62051564385082	0	FALSE	545	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADHFE1	3.69870889873527	0	FALSE	345	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADORA1	3.97373876424925	0	FALSE	317	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ADPRH	4.33345008064886	0	FALSE	282	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	AGL	4.37041920555157	0	FALSE	275	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ALDH1L1	34.921556077702	0	FALSE	5	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ALS2CL	21.6430905456554	0	FALSE	12	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ANGPTL2	-3.43506316827692	0	FALSE	377	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ANKRD2	19.9636283977658	0	FALSE	14	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ANLN	-7.92305626977043	0	FALSE	117	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ANO4	-3.26526974366266	0	FALSE	403	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	APOLD1	-4.17790827815353	0	FALSE	296	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	APOO	3.00091351706415	0	FALSE	455	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	AQP10	4.21529874057114	0	FALSE	292	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	AREG	3.74900594140519	0	FALSE	339	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ARHGAP10	2.42749961738573	0	FALSE	600	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ARHGAP29	12.181554403638	0	FALSE	50	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ARHGEF16	-3.057782771693	0	FALSE	448	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ARL15	3.01201450311783	0	FALSE	453	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ARL6IP1	-3.26889577333302	0	FALSE	401	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ART3	13.6056593266617	0	FALSE	36	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ASF1B	-5.63902535896211	0	FALSE	191	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ASPG	4.49237684003535	0	FALSE	260	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ASPM	-10.0155907846815	0	FALSE	78	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ATF3	-4.41108649663003	0	FALSE	270	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ATG4A	2.60672880143786	0	FALSE	550	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ATP1B4	3.42900237486562	0	FALSE	378	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ATP5MD	3.8889560886727	0	FALSE	324	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ATP8B3	-3.62234774716632	0	FALSE	356	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	AURKA	-4.16342317109208	0	FALSE	298	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	AURKB	-6.59309642866469	0	FALSE	154	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	AVIL	-3.23146092646613	0	FALSE	408	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	AXIN2	11.3124159772675	0	FALSE	60	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	AZGP1	2.67361558271124	0	FALSE	530	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	B4GALNT4	-3.63530650888113	0	FALSE	355	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	BASP1	-2.9847474927937	0	FALSE	456	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	BCL2L1	3.99453318961888	0	FALSE	316	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	BCL6	6.24266796170673	0	FALSE	162	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	BIRC5	-15.7277117364804	0	FALSE	20	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	BLM	-2.91206745522555	0	FALSE	471	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	BORA	-3.4972163639735	0	FALSE	369	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	BRCA2	-3.83629528090591	0	FALSE	330	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	BRIP1	-6.09330733314448	0	FALSE	170	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	BSPRY	-2.93046195549965	0	FALSE	464	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	BUB1	-11.2605544862289	0	FALSE	61	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	BUB1B	-7.41463324967109	0	FALSE	132	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	C17ORF53	-2.70500251493748	0	FALSE	520	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	C1QTNF1	3.02844471129688	0	FALSE	451	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	C21ORF58	-5.13343102584039	0	FALSE	219	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	C5AR1	-2.6601382844708	0	FALSE	534	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	C6ORF223	3.42565031739476	0	FALSE	380	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CA14	-2.61626345313557	0	FALSE	548	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CACNA1D	-3.27482885211405	0	FALSE	399	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CALN1	-4.0095238157946	0	FALSE	313	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CASQ1	2.55597678960585	0	FALSE	564	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CASQ2	5.4641138861207	0	FALSE	201	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CAT	2.74543744924658	0	FALSE	510	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CAV1	6.20719213977743	0	FALSE	166	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CAV3	4.90887332006195	0	FALSE	234	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCDC150	-2.55692476906118	0	FALSE	563	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCDC34	-8.0210687380561	0	FALSE	113	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCDC80	-5.23618789684299	0	FALSE	213	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCL21	-3.66112793519795	0	FALSE	349	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCNA2	-10.0471046689035	0	FALSE	77	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCNB1	-11.4952134445116	0	FALSE	53	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCNB2	-10.1704404377357	0	FALSE	73	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CCND3	4.05612082636783	0	FALSE	308	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CCNF	-5.01959120582381	0	FALSE	227	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CD109	10.0536151212048	0	FALSE	76	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CD44	-3.93941012556681	0	FALSE	321	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDC20	-13.3637428949102	0	FALSE	39	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDC25C	-5.70262764433899	0	FALSE	188	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDC42EP1	-2.66058788835386	0	FALSE	533	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDC45	-7.8499779879081	0	FALSE	119	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDC6	-8.60391714159288	0	FALSE	99	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDCA2	-3.47864633739043	0	FALSE	371	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDCA3	-5.53844347633017	0	FALSE	198	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDCA5	-8.41417620183212	0	FALSE	103	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDCA8	-8.3657560780341	0	FALSE	105	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDK1	-11.4479262130077	0	FALSE	56	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CDK18	2.82603948703924	0	FALSE	492	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDKN2C	-7.43493145361862	0	FALSE	131	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDKN3	-4.7164601834201	0	FALSE	247	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CDT1	-5.32954980071896	0	FALSE	208	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CEBPD	3.94588248226416	0	FALSE	320	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CENPA	-3.58521151443065	0	FALSE	361	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CENPE	-7.69510211560576	0	FALSE	123	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CENPF	-15.6641062106796	0	FALSE	21	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CENPH	-4.20472702779212	0	FALSE	295	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CENPI	-3.0047310624962	0	FALSE	454	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CENPK	-4.70862141685274	0	FALSE	249	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CENPM	-5.61932029593055	0	FALSE	194	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CENPN	-2.95140675842004	0	FALSE	460	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CENPU	-4.73644450486748	0	FALSE	245	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CEP55	-9.06810150569524	0	FALSE	94	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CFAP77	14.2646084359065	0	FALSE	26	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CFLAR	5.16545170623016	0	FALSE	217	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CHAF1A	-4.78673612318572	0	FALSE	243	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CHAF1B	-2.43934670126623	0	FALSE	597	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CHEK2	-4.66220312970956	0	FALSE	254	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CHPF	3.11518756860254	0	FALSE	433	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CHRM3	3.380301834144	0	FALSE	389	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CIART	-4.77286914055834	0	FALSE	244	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CIP2A	-4.55340771711191	0	FALSE	257	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CIT	-15.7831223404507	0	FALSE	19	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CKAP2	-2.63234445042217	0	FALSE	542	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CKAP2L	-8.82328408243048	0	FALSE	96	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CKB	6.59368435497255	0	FALSE	153	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CKM	63.8869903811247	0	FALSE	4	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CKMT2	2.47340553426774	0	FALSE	583	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CKS1B	-3.96437738692981	0	FALSE	318	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CKS2	-5.09150205800779	0	FALSE	222	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CLIC4	4.00041585343493	0	FALSE	314	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CLIP2	-3.2814875687631	0	FALSE	397	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CLSPN	-7.65811286679388	0	FALSE	126	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CLSTN2	-2.70134481122707	0	FALSE	521	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CLU	-2.92085912342139	0	FALSE	465	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CNIH2	-4.15578966962535	0	FALSE	299	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CNTN1	4.84050682884244	0	FALSE	240	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	COL12A1	6.20246215421605	0	FALSE	167	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	COL14A1	-2.87869380995119	0	FALSE	477	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	COL1A1	-2.60651152174802	0	FALSE	551	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	COL1A2	-3.9982560885839	0	FALSE	315	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	COL2A1	-8.21127101703513	0	FALSE	110	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	COQ10A	6.31626829834494	0	FALSE	160	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	COQ8A	5.69765678493277	0	FALSE	189	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CORO2B	5.44517190454627	0	FALSE	202	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	COTL1	-2.55482848912084	0	FALSE	565	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	COX6A2	3.78878694633998	0	FALSE	334	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	COX7A1	2.62314625400042	0	FALSE	544	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	COX7A2	2.59011490111983	0	FALSE	555	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CPXM1	-4.02652190368666	0	FALSE	309	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CRABP2	-2.88922770918271	0	FALSE	476	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CREB5	-2.74415055524754	0	FALSE	512	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CRYAB	10.1711129491965	0	FALSE	72	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CSPG4	19.1591945208057	0	FALSE	15	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CSPG5	-4.96739223621772	0	FALSE	232	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CTHRC1	-2.82795087127194	0	FALSE	491	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CTSV	-2.72475750822758	0	FALSE	514	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CXCL12	-9.70631707588574	0	FALSE	83	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CYB5R1	5.21838225675454	0	FALSE	214	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	CYP2J2	2.48046949206043	0	FALSE	578	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	CYR61	-7.74577454232435	0	FALSE	120	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	DAB1	3.93262034142589	0	FALSE	322	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	DAPK2	4.44490933917749	0	FALSE	263	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	DBF4B	-2.54832383178393	0	FALSE	567	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	DDIAS	-2.59925770252747	0	FALSE	552	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	DEPDC1	-10.0708776200457	0	FALSE	75	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	DHCR24	3.39645548700648	0	FALSE	386	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	DHFR	-4.02012126662341	0	FALSE	310	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	DKK3	3.17776888347309	0	FALSE	417	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	DLAT	2.6671813306258	0	FALSE	531	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	DLGAP5	-10.1819211622047	0	FALSE	71	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	DLK2	11.4583193642141	0	FALSE	55	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	DNAH11	-3.17707282226055	0	FALSE	418	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	DNAJC5G	2.86324829822061	0	FALSE	481	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	DOK4	-2.67794965950815	0	FALSE	529	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	DPP7	23.7469374381141	0	FALSE	10	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	DSC2	6.76798118868665	0	FALSE	148	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	DSTN	3.0986996476113	0	FALSE	439	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	DTL	-8.29982511862347	0	FALSE	108	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	E2F1	-8.40333755184509	0	FALSE	104	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	E2F2	-3.18022151133532	0	FALSE	416	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	E2F7	-2.46034148193196	0	FALSE	587	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	EBF4	-2.61138257447186	0	FALSE	549	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ECT2	-5.02723933253233	0	FALSE	226	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	EDA	4.36518570383952	0	FALSE	276	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	EDAR	10.9285365038601	0	FALSE	64	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	EDARADD	2.84201709574907	0	FALSE	489	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	EFNA5	3.44182917937699	0	FALSE	375	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	EFS	-2.45793865791721	0	FALSE	590	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	EGLN1	2.71515974709161	0	FALSE	515	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	EGR1	-12.067381741173	0	FALSE	51	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	EIF1B	2.56552491629676	0	FALSE	559	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ELF3	-4.98814237528161	0	FALSE	231	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	EME1	-2.77799082013726	0	FALSE	500	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	EMP2	3.21841605743974	0	FALSE	411	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ENC1	-2.91951640802771	0	FALSE	466	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ENO2	-3.09344180008882	0	FALSE	440	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	EPB41L2	-4.30970752111116	0	FALSE	285	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	EPPK1	-2.75897838052742	0	FALSE	504	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ERCC6L	-3.73516093435568	0	FALSE	342	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ERO1A	13.3351014010109	0	FALSE	41	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ERO1B	4.08794664178508	0	FALSE	306	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ESCO2	-4.63575760241418	0	FALSE	256	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ESPL1	-7.95854807414389	0	FALSE	116	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	EXO1	-3.71113066884777	0	FALSE	344	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	EXOG	4.17235217147606	0	FALSE	297	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	EZH2	-4.01556450452072	0	FALSE	311	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	F2R	-2.47808818136043	0	FALSE	580	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	F3	5.91646940374596	0	FALSE	176	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	FABP3	3.09082314502676	0	FALSE	441	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAM107A	2.45986976475358	0	FALSE	588	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAM110C	7.49322067611244	0	FALSE	130	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FAM111B	-5.96727378432513	0	FALSE	171	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAM155B	6.2109972292948	0	FALSE	165	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	FAM213A	2.44085150253776	0	FALSE	596	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FAM83D	-11.3546617554484	0	FALSE	59	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FANCA	-2.71033106360952	0	FALSE	518	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FANCD2	-4.41995986724029	0	FALSE	267	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FANCG	-3.83429146004591	0	FALSE	331	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FANCI	-6.74263724477664	0	FALSE	150	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	FBLIM1	6.78007389346955	0	FALSE	147	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FBLN1	-5.24073135308664	0	FALSE	212	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FBLN2	-2.44254789077902	0	FALSE	594	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FBN3	-3.08431770378804	0	FALSE	443	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FBXO5	-2.91690648959183	0	FALSE	469	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FEN1	-4.90445380007909	0	FALSE	235	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	FGF12	3.18359014564103	0	FALSE	414	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	FHL2	5.8268165507725	0	FALSE	179	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	FITM2	7.24192286857391	0	FALSE	136	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FKBP10	-2.76640598887225	0	FALSE	503	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	FKBP5	64.0064182514266	0	FALSE	1	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	FLRT3	3.45008396124321	0	FALSE	374	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FNDC5	-2.91660242213345	0	FALSE	470	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FOS	-10.7813500424776	0	FALSE	65	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FOXM1	-12.7821771787259	0	FALSE	45	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	FSTL3	2.75277244630339	0	FALSE	507	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	FZD2	-4.31414907415336	0	FALSE	284	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	GABRA2	-5.4948830947316	0	FALSE	199	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	GALK1	21.357044780675	0	FALSE	13	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	GALNT17	11.3794078612308	0	FALSE	58	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	GALNT18	-2.76856889108222	0	FALSE	501	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	GAS2L3	-8.14905091637813	0	FALSE	111	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	GEM	-2.44156788001808	0	FALSE	595	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	GGH	-2.56824105811493	0	FALSE	558	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	GINS1	-3.12101093046375	0	FALSE	431	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	GINS2	-4.44774137029292	0	FALSE	262	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	GINS4	-4.11312859940494	0	FALSE	302	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	GMPR	5.43568810950851	0	FALSE	204	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	GPCPD1	3.26285380400151	0	FALSE	405	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	GPD1L	24.206415826776	0	FALSE	9	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	GRID1	-3.12405526371787	0	FALSE	430	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	GTSE1	-16.024314009444	0	FALSE	18	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	H2AFX	-4.35579313395832	0	FALSE	278	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	H2AFZ	-2.76708050315684	0	FALSE	502	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	HAPLN1	-4.22686330482784	0	FALSE	291	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	HASPIN	-2.68357956482047	0	FALSE	527	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	HELLS	-5.62942606896232	0	FALSE	193	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	HERC5	-2.49558994189712	0	FALSE	574	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIF1A	3.64351452406799	0	FALSE	353	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIF3A	13.9915773406873	0	FALSE	29	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	HIPK2	7.87581042876105	0	FALSE	118	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	HJURP	-8.33896693474145	0	FALSE	106	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	HMGB2	-5.43644528874847	0	FALSE	203	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	HMGCS1	2.98066456373809	0	FALSE	458	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	HMMR	-3.59554026843591	0	FALSE	359	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	HOGA1	3.66163904324239	0	FALSE	348	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	HOPX	5.58196936857381	0	FALSE	196	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	HPCAL1	2.85303297087301	0	FALSE	484	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	HPR	13.9096968478343	0	FALSE	31	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	HRC	2.58727359380553	0	FALSE	556	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	HRK	-4.2493646626396	0	FALSE	288	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	HSPB2	3.35793201061262	0	FALSE	392	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	HUNK	-5.00457984986021	0	FALSE	228	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	IER2	-3.43907826599204	0	FALSE	376	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	IFITM3	-5.79431157336362	0	FALSE	182	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	IGF2	5.74586427238577	0	FALSE	186	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	IGFBP3	-3.38258385990591	0	FALSE	388	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	IGFBP5	-3.63783243260367	0	FALSE	354	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	IGSF9	-3.37694153835894	0	FALSE	390	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	IL4R	-3.18541794174125	0	FALSE	413	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	INCENP	-8.64512209381724	0	FALSE	98	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	INKA2	29.4214027601028	0	FALSE	6	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	INSYN1	2.90517585691816	0	FALSE	474	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	IP6K3	12.31063176342	0	FALSE	49	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	IQGAP3	-13.6612633322363	0	FALSE	35	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	IRF8	5.77615622234337	0	FALSE	184	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ISYNA1	-2.79642420419488	0	FALSE	498	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ITGA7	2.49675197797372	0	FALSE	573	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	IZUMO4	2.85293867756149	0	FALSE	485	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	JAG1	-2.68656839927068	0	FALSE	525	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	JUN	-2.47818564908162	0	FALSE	579	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	KANK1	4.42808447507679	0	FALSE	265	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	KBTBD12	3.26361936954924	0	FALSE	404	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	KCNJ12	4.51854664396121	0	FALSE	259	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	KCNJ2	5.1028465370831	0	FALSE	221	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KCNV1	-4.41259502836712	0	FALSE	268	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF11	-9.68114050526744	0	FALSE	84	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF14	-8.04031141991808	0	FALSE	112	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF15	-4.52695992316559	0	FALSE	258	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF18A	-4.12414321992904	0	FALSE	301	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF18B	-15.1257171745864	0	FALSE	24	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF20A	-15.4974692726911	0	FALSE	22	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF20B	-3.61940312213482	0	FALSE	358	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF22	-5.20947170783761	0	FALSE	215	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF23	-6.22662237859491	0	FALSE	163	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF2C	-9.53147598151703	0	FALSE	87	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIF4A	-10.5873220037849	0	FALSE	67	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KIT	-2.70877467400748	0	FALSE	519	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KLC3	-2.80736579467431	0	FALSE	496	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	KLF13	2.98463391591174	0	FALSE	457	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	KLF15	11.4292104005454	0	FALSE	57	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	KLF9	14.2044875349726	0	FALSE	28	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	KLHL13	14.602450554889	0	FALSE	25	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	KLHL3	4.23890175850503	0	FALSE	289	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KNL1	-8.4748207882585	0	FALSE	102	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KNTC1	-3.14013355229803	0	FALSE	422	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KPNA2	-6.53677737150837	0	FALSE	155	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	KRT19	-5.94062354011821	0	FALSE	173	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	LAMA1	-3.73992680193669	0	FALSE	341	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	LDHD	7.22719063491015	0	FALSE	137	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	LEFTY2	-6.62456653624615	0	FALSE	151	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	LGALS8	4.22889734793337	0	FALSE	290	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	LGI2	3.62220589238304	0	FALSE	357	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	LIG1	-8.30642045312873	0	FALSE	107	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	LINGO1	-3.69760553115636	0	FALSE	346	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	LIPA	3.13501671804424	0	FALSE	426	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	LMCD1	3.50601889837277	0	FALSE	368	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	LMNB1	-7.09149232409328	0	FALSE	139	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	LMNB2	-3.58574764782444	0	FALSE	360	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	LOC653513	4.87852711946488	0	FALSE	238	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	LPL	5.1386613630607	0	FALSE	218	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	LRIG2	9.39914151943929	0	FALSE	89	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	LRP1	-2.61994157117892	0	FALSE	546	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	LRP8	2.84304389931429	0	FALSE	488	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	LRRC7	-2.84636225230809	0	FALSE	487	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	LYPD6	-2.8146773764855	0	FALSE	494	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAD2L1	-5.75590008815689	0	FALSE	185	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAN1C1	-2.71180887500026	0	FALSE	517	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAOA	63.9929452603642	0	FALSE	3	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MAP3K7CL	-4.21402241781286	0	FALSE	293	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MARCH4	-3.12003417173413	0	FALSE	432	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MARCKS	-4.10490449885243	0	FALSE	303	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MARCKSL1	-3.22512506071664	0	FALSE	410	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	MASP1	7.66405298226095	0	FALSE	125	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MASTL	-2.4778279838111	0	FALSE	581	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MATN2	-2.46484186004687	0	FALSE	586	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	MAVS	7.74516758612393	0	FALSE	121	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MCM10	-4.86577523284812	0	FALSE	239	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MCM2	-5.88214123923485	0	FALSE	178	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MCM4	-4.08874191338653	0	FALSE	305	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MCM5	-7.40353936715891	0	FALSE	133	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MCM6	-3.14767671357911	0	FALSE	421	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MCM7	-6.75018978284147	0	FALSE	149	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MELK	-5.07301187539055	0	FALSE	224	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MEX3A	-3.07860540967087	0	FALSE	444	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MFAP2	-2.90567978771778	0	FALSE	472	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MFAP4	-2.74466486046674	0	FALSE	511	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MFAP5	-2.53260976902488	0	FALSE	569	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	MGAT4C	2.49496604286397	0	FALSE	575	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MGLL	-5.12045751328708	0	FALSE	220	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MKI67	-18.9585382031468	0	FALSE	16	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	MLLT11	3.46416581160444	0	FALSE	372	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MMP1	-2.52619233708107	0	FALSE	570	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MMP2	-3.37529250733617	0	FALSE	391	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MND1	-4.27681090976726	0	FALSE	287	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	MPP3	3.80216625215143	0	FALSE	333	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	MSMO1	4.34609070653119	0	FALSE	279	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	MUM1L1	2.87092411266623	0	FALSE	480	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MXD3	-4.80579726506381	0	FALSE	242	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MXRA5	-5.90901853978667	0	FALSE	177	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	MXRA7	5.63421449757287	0	FALSE	192	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYBL1	-2.49202096418785	0	FALSE	576	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYBL2	-13.9822114606775	0	FALSE	30	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	MYL3	5.35623917776866	0	FALSE	206	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	MYL4	3.1584626556884	0	FALSE	420	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MYO5B	-3.01492616792878	0	FALSE	452	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	MYO9A	4.13588723560197	0	FALSE	300	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	MYOM3	13.8571827675536	0	FALSE	32	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	MZT1	-3.11232001575995	0	FALSE	434	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	NAMPT	4.06305569226501	0	FALSE	307	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NBPF1	-2.45472284823231	0	FALSE	592	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	NCAM1	3.20591852256912	0	FALSE	412	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NCAPD2	-5.56521469143987	0	FALSE	197	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NCAPG	-7.01553371975996	0	FALSE	141	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NCAPG2	-4.7307697704209	0	FALSE	246	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NCAPH	-7.68332095721262	0	FALSE	124	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NDC80	-8.00260745042028	0	FALSE	114	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NDRG1	-2.73907625270975	0	FALSE	513	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	NDRG4	25.2983107474038	0	FALSE	8	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	NDUFA5	3.13586266137116	0	FALSE	423	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	NEDD9	3.12582580299294	0	FALSE	429	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NEIL3	-3.6534292923096	0	FALSE	350	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NEK2	-8.68110575435265	0	FALSE	97	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	NEK7	3.84515627539529	0	FALSE	328	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NEMP1	-2.90329823244631	0	FALSE	475	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	NFKBIA	2.94336896646258	0	FALSE	461	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NNAT	-3.03218595464149	0	FALSE	450	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NPHS1	-2.83281064983969	0	FALSE	490	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	NPPA	12.8651125362341	0	FALSE	44	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	NPPB	28.0134124855814	0	FALSE	7	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NR1D2	-2.43712678211767	0	FALSE	598	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NR4A1	-8.57689314898983	0	FALSE	100	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NR4A3	-3.76990261281313	0	FALSE	336	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NSD2	-2.49187923448718	0	FALSE	577	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	NT5DC2	9.84284963813046	0	FALSE	81	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NTM	-3.1109295373032	0	FALSE	436	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NUF2	-5.95573821097212	0	FALSE	172	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	NUSAP1	-12.7643605014576	0	FALSE	46	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	OIP5	-4.428448261792	0	FALSE	264	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ORC1	-2.94098975910049	0	FALSE	462	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ORC6	-3.42676361231038	0	FALSE	379	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	OTUD1	-2.63770075827457	0	FALSE	538	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PAK3	-5.25045799739131	0	FALSE	211	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PANX1	3.84085158380931	0	FALSE	329	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PAQR4	-3.52225040516562	0	FALSE	366	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PBK	-9.87648207676812	0	FALSE	80	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PCDH10	-2.85422956845434	0	FALSE	483	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PCLAF	-6.90481458093697	0	FALSE	143	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PCNA	-2.96709541226432	0	FALSE	459	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PCP4L1	3.27496195561566	0	FALSE	398	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PDE4DIP	3.7856236673545	0	FALSE	335	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PDK4	12.933954377454	0	FALSE	43	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PEA15	3.40938454341592	0	FALSE	383	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PEBP4	6.14999463334882	0	FALSE	169	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PER1	13.7810241446146	0	FALSE	33	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PER3	-7.5401044049191	0	FALSE	129	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PFKFB4	-2.46991237607213	0	FALSE	584	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PFKL	-3.53894617462799	0	FALSE	365	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PHF19	-3.82268073068625	0	FALSE	332	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PIF1	-6.8391808392278	0	FALSE	145	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PIK3R1	3.1358130631144	0	FALSE	424	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PIMREG	-5.92858043998648	0	FALSE	174	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PITPNC1	8.53545170518961	0	FALSE	101	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PITPNM3	11.4623113453292	0	FALSE	54	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PKMYT1	-5.00179192396023	0	FALSE	229	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PKN3	-3.12713420997	0	FALSE	428	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PLAC4	-3.2536541211736	0	FALSE	406	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PLAUR	-2.50746107346228	0	FALSE	572	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLCXD3	3.34057119319907	0	FALSE	393	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PLEKHG4B	-2.68630402316235	0	FALSE	526	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLIN2	15.3170910866999	0	FALSE	23	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PLIN5	10.2400538207243	0	FALSE	70	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PLK1	-13.3661765903046	0	FALSE	38	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PLK4	-3.3951309174926	0	FALSE	387	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PLXDC2	-3.514225881436	0	FALSE	367	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PMP22	4.89526356571473	0	FALSE	237	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	POC1A	-4.42177227090055	0	FALSE	266	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	POLA2	-3.85010956228351	0	FALSE	326	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	POLQ	-4.66547025097551	0	FALSE	253	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PPIP5K2	6.34194431861352	0	FALSE	158	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PPP1R3B	2.68971422960189	0	FALSE	524	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PPP2R5A	2.87719403703424	0	FALSE	478	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PRC1	-11.5157582537086	0	FALSE	52	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PROCR	14.2243836305245	0	FALSE	27	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PROM1	-2.75007782786759	0	FALSE	509	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PRR11	-9.65910703302615	0	FALSE	85	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PRR36	-2.45490671512459	0	FALSE	591	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PRSS23	-3.45266559638543	0	FALSE	373	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PSMD8	3.11213039749451	0	FALSE	435	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PSRC1	-7.20943802832713	0	FALSE	138	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	PTDSS1	4.48493025383917	0	FALSE	261	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PTGIS	-2.45859940679555	0	FALSE	589	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PTMA	-3.03910156887732	0	FALSE	449	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PTTG1	-10.0044028667313	0	FALSE	79	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PXDN	-3.08554565653881	0	FALSE	442	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	PXDNL	-2.61842008680852	0	FALSE	547	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	QSOX1	6.60781931048262	0	FALSE	152	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	RAB6B	2.78943326616688	0	FALSE	499	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	RACGAP1	-9.72485197250268	0	FALSE	82	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	RAD51AP1	-5.32592515531089	0	FALSE	209	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	RAP1GAP	2.86045412139522	0	FALSE	482	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	RASD1	9.56463500634571	0	FALSE	86	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	RASD2	9.35835128427052	0	FALSE	90	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	RASL12	4.64869148245875	0	FALSE	255	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	RECQL4	-7.00370576059412	0	FALSE	142	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	REEP4	-3.22878865185389	0	FALSE	409	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	RET	-3.10261102953821	0	FALSE	438	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	RFC3	-2.55844433874033	0	FALSE	561	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	RHOQ	5.69102038999687	0	FALSE	190	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	RNASEH2A	-2.66492119151277	0	FALSE	532	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	RNF14	2.63910706695996	0	FALSE	537	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	RNF157	-2.59093376783915	0	FALSE	554	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	RNF165	6.78902833615987	0	FALSE	146	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ROBO2	-2.9055511363028	0	FALSE	473	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ROR2	4.36479170608	0	FALSE	277	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	RORA	-2.79761553368808	0	FALSE	497	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	RPS6KA2	8.88324955994959	0	FALSE	95	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	RRM2	-10.1066292576527	0	FALSE	74	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	RTKN2	-3.54706202308558	0	FALSE	364	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	RUNX1	-5.0856150773403	0	FALSE	223	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	RUNX2	-2.91885979042901	0	FALSE	467	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	S100A4	2.63766022270969	0	FALSE	539	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	S100A6	2.68297542014949	0	FALSE	528	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SAPCD2	-5.77685651076165	0	FALSE	183	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SCARA3	-5.49343303685665	0	FALSE	200	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SCML2	-2.80938321980392	0	FALSE	495	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SDC1	-4.91300969316364	0	FALSE	233	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SEMA3G	-2.75179196202673	0	FALSE	508	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SEPT4	2.93485968591524	0	FALSE	463	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SERPINE2	-2.5543742424018	0	FALSE	566	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SFRP5	3.39991246249703	0	FALSE	384	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SGCG	3.64825246618309	0	FALSE	351	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SGO1	-4.10001740247083	0	FALSE	304	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SGO2	-4.40213038858677	0	FALSE	271	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SHC4	2.5616536467516	0	FALSE	560	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SHCBP1	-7.5707862810176	0	FALSE	127	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SKA3	-4.20862208378309	0	FALSE	294	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SKIL	-3.12744272339931	0	FALSE	427	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC17A8	-5.03391910949764	0	FALSE	225	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC1A3	5.92105239719895	0	FALSE	175	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC25A4	5.70687763661861	0	FALSE	187	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC26A2	5.80687613206169	0	FALSE	181	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC26A9	3.33920248070987	0	FALSE	394	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC2A1	4.3030556563207	0	FALSE	286	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC35F1	-5.20251242415747	0	FALSE	216	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC39A14	4.71606565082	0	FALSE	248	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC4A8	-3.26728629270304	0	FALSE	402	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC5A1	4.4123385913266	0	FALSE	269	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC6A1	11.2533119773964	0	FALSE	62	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SLC6A4	-2.62778964622192	0	FALSE	543	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLC6A6	5.59758844360468	0	FALSE	195	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SLITRK4	2.68978647125588	0	FALSE	523	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SMC4	-4.37389522090372	0	FALSE	273	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SMIM1	5.31215035862712	0	FALSE	210	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SOCS2	-2.85227691254261	0	FALSE	486	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SORBS1	4.37722942941833	0	FALSE	272	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SOX4	-3.42021959168042	0	FALSE	381	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SPAG4	2.71409923709163	0	FALSE	516	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPAG5	-11.1670726831449	0	FALSE	63	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPARC	-3.9252030879604	0	FALSE	323	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SPATS2L	3.84837841768121	0	FALSE	327	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPC24	-7.54830170132476	0	FALSE	128	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SPNS3	2.58400895472877	0	FALSE	557	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPON1	-7.74138809587907	0	FALSE	122	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SPP1	-2.46678400437043	0	FALSE	585	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ST3GAL1	5.81290674732859	0	FALSE	180	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ST8SIA2	6.17771806334072	0	FALSE	168	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	STARD7	2.91782088828888	0	FALSE	468	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	STC1	-4.89606211123386	0	FALSE	236	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	STIL	-3.18055284070806	0	FALSE	415	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SULF1	-2.64201587388077	0	FALSE	535	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SULT1E1	-3.0772319044872	0	FALSE	446	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	SV2C	-7.37523997060433	0	FALSE	134	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	SYT13	3.06749945627263	0	FALSE	447	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TACC3	-9.23088511308706	0	FALSE	91	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TBX2	-2.8247535272851	0	FALSE	493	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TCAP	3.28938198472047	0	FALSE	396	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TENT5B	12.6959193667065	0	FALSE	47	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TGFB2	-2.63996855094132	0	FALSE	536	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TGFBI	-8.28566883084864	0	FALSE	109	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	THBD	-4.83037181595738	0	FALSE	241	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	THBS2	-4.32998335625872	0	FALSE	283	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	THY1	-2.63321142346228	0	FALSE	541	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TICRR	-6.48452610792288	0	FALSE	157	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TIMELESS	-6.49269984780912	0	FALSE	156	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TK1	-13.7071073119996	0	FALSE	34	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TMSB15A	-3.6452915350346	0	FALSE	352	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TMTC2	4.70159800640914	0	FALSE	250	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNC	-7.31515776334819	0	FALSE	135	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF11A	6.28355245564178	0	FALSE	161	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNFRSF11B	-2.59497884805785	0	FALSE	553	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TNMD	-5.36967118762831	0	FALSE	205	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNNC1	2.69858406115637	0	FALSE	522	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNNT3	21.7774701110153	0	FALSE	11	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TNS1	3.73259211496428	0	FALSE	343	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TOP2A	-16.7816824546389	0	FALSE	17	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TPX2	-13.3492557833313	0	FALSE	40	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TRAIP	-3.24935275255808	0	FALSE	407	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TRH	10.7586814235325	0	FALSE	66	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TRIL	-3.07822632137733	0	FALSE	445	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TRIM16L	2.51955925817736	0	FALSE	571	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TRIP13	-6.32698906507672	0	FALSE	159	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TRNP1	4.33359125699299	0	FALSE	281	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TROAP	-12.4170407234639	0	FALSE	48	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TSC22D3	2.54359015554283	0	FALSE	568	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TSPEAR	-3.55176619866419	0	FALSE	362	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TTF2	-3.54708507373346	0	FALSE	363	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TTK	-7.01706032609945	0	FALSE	140	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TUBA1A	4.34571438470586	0	FALSE	280	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TUBA3D	10.5278262597712	0	FALSE	68	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TUBB2A	3.17455498581095	0	FALSE	419	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	TXNRD1	2.63395212972774	0	FALSE	540	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	TYMS	-7.98660940876436	0	FALSE	115	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	UBA7	-3.41995788576006	0	FALSE	382	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	UBE2C	-13.5346447980553	0	FALSE	37	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	UBE2S	-3.86256664706452	0	FALSE	325	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	UBE2T	-4.0120332286685	0	FALSE	312	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	UCP2	-3.3992240253891	0	FALSE	385	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	UHRF1	-4.69646100584176	0	FALSE	251	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	UPK1B	-3.6754589479516	0	FALSE	347	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	VCL	10.4108711179614	0	FALSE	69	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	VEPH1	-2.75606198964756	0	FALSE	505	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	VIPR2	3.11017928386767	0	FALSE	437	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	VSTM2L	6.90038851943404	0	FALSE	144	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	VSTM4	3.29969861451768	0	FALSE	395	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	VWCE	13.307587979813	0	FALSE	42	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	WDR62	-9.40867123595559	0	FALSE	88	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	WDR76	-3.75425496221946	0	FALSE	338	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	WNT9A	4.69029128725593	0	FALSE	252	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	XIRP2	-3.94868138073386	0	FALSE	319	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	XKR5	-2.8767841401987	0	FALSE	479	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	XPR1	3.74436358678984	0	FALSE	340	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	XRCC2	-4.37368824480308	0	FALSE	274	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZBTB16	64.0028030533111	0	FALSE	2	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ZDHHC14	-9.16618390107759	0	FALSE	92	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ZNF367	-4.99469062825929	0	FALSE	230	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZNF438	2.5570847236266	0	FALSE	562	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ZNF469	-2.4772161751486	0	FALSE	582	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZNF540	2.42930586194713	0	FALSE	599	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Up	LightSkyBlue	ZNF682	2.44869577897515	0	FALSE	593	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
prednisolone - healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09 - regular response	0	min	prednisolone - Down	LightSkyBlue	ZWINT	-9.06928747763122	0	FALSE	93	healthy hiPSCd cardiomyocyte line MSN09	error	prednisolone	Non_cardiovascular_drug	PRE	regular response
